Odoo Customer Reviews 2025 | Accounting - Enterprise | SoftwareReviews Skip to main content Search Search tips Search for products, categories, or vendors. Try keywords like 'management', 'Microsoft', or 'CRM' Search for " " by hitting enter , or see suggested results. Cancel Write a Review Categories Compare About Us For Vendors More Browse Reports Research What We Do Log in Log in Open search Toggle navigation Write a Review Home > Accounting - Enterprise > Odoo > Odoo Odoo Composite Score 8.3 /10 CX Score 8.7 /10 53 Reviews Write a Review Get Demo In Partnership With SelectHub Claim Software Category Accounting - Enterprise Discrete Manufacturing ERP Enterprise Resource Planning - Midmarket Warehouse Management Systems Marketing Automation - B2B Overview Awards Ratings Product Content Reviews (53) Comparisons Previous Next Download Scorecard Odoo 8.3 /10 Accounting - Enterprise Discrete Manufacturing ERP Enterprise Resource Planning - Midmarket Warehouse Management Systems Marketing Automation - B2B What is Odoo? Odoo is an open-source alternative to many software packages. It can be used by any retailer with its POS (Point Of Sales), and in any website with its CMS (website builder) synchronized with the e-Commerce app. In the enterprise resource planning software field, Odoo is an alternative to SAP ERP, Oracle E-Business Suite, Microsoft Dynamics, Netsuite, and others. Company Details Odoo X/Twitter Odoo LinkedIn Odoo Website Book a Free Demo Today! See it in action with a free demo. Click below to sign up on our partner's website. Get Demo In Partnership With SelectHub Awards & Recognition Odoo won the following awards in the Accounting - Enterprise category Filter By Choose award year All Years 2025 2024 2023 2022 Choose award type All Award Types Data Quadrant Emotional Footprint Emotional Footprint Secondary Feature / Capability Strategy and Innovation Service Experience Product Impact Contract Negotiation Conflict Resolution Latest Award, 2025 2024 Data Quadrant Champion 2024 10 Top Rated Capabilities 10 Top Rated Features 2024 2024 Emotional Footprint Champion 2024 Strategy and Innovation Service Experience Product Impact Contract Negotiation Conflict Resolution 2024 2023 Data Quadrant Champion 2023 11 Top Rated Capabilities 11 Top Rated Features 2023 2023 Emotional Footprint Champion 2023 Strategy and Innovation Service Experience Product Impact Contract Negotiation Conflict Resolution 2023 2022 Data Quadrant Champion 2022 9 Top Rated Capabilities 7 Top Rated Features 2022 2022 Emotional Footprint Champion 2022 Strategy and Innovation Service Experience Product Impact Contract Negotiation Conflict Resolution 2022 Odoo Ratings Real user data aggregated to summarize the product performance and customer experience. Download the entire Product Scorecard to access more information on Odoo. Product scores listed below represent current data. This may be different from data contained in reports and awards, which express data as of their publication date. 86 Likeliness to Recommend 3 Since last award 100 Plan to Renew 84 Satisfaction of Cost Relative to Value 3 Since last award {y} {content} {name} Emotional Footprint Overview Product scores listed below represent current data. This may be different from data contained in reports and awards, which express data as of their publication date. +98 Net Emotional Footprint The emotional sentiment held by end users of the software based on their experience with the vendor. Responses are captured on an eight-point scale. How to read this rating How much do users love Odoo? 0% Negative 2% Neutral 98% Positive Pros Continually Improving Product Reliable Performance Enhancing Enables Productivity How to read the Emotional Footprint The Net Emotional Footprint measures high-level user sentiment towards particular product offerings. It aggregates emotional response ratings for various dimensions of the vendor-client relationship and product effectiveness, creating a powerful indicator of overall user feeling toward the vendor and product. While purchasing decisions shouldn't be based on emotion, it's valuable to know what kind of emotional response the vendor you're considering elicits from their users. % Positive - % Negative = Emotional Footprint -4 -3 -2 -1 Negative +1 Neutral +2 +3 +4 Positive Feature Ratings Average rating of all product features, some of which may not be shown below Average 86 General Ledger Chart of Accounts The general ledger contains the organizations accounts for recording assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. Avg. 84 88 Reconciliation Functionality that ensures that two sets of records (usually the balances of two accounts) are in agreement. Avg. 81 87 Accounts Receivable Invoicing Record of claims for payment for goods or services provided. Usually includes a customer invoicing capability Avg. 83 87 Accounts Payable Purchase Orders Record of debts owing for an organization. Sometimes includes a purchase order capability Avg. 82 87 Expense Management Includes all aspects of expense forms design, completion, submission, limits and compliance, and reporting. Avg. 80 86 Integration APIs Ability of the software to interface with legacy and other third party applications. Avg. 78 85 Project Accounting Ability to track, report and analyse financial results and implications at an individual project level Avg. 79 85 Dashboards, Analytics and Reporting Includes historical & real-time dashboard visualizations, detailed & summary reporting, forecasting & easy data extraction for data analysis. Avg. 79 85 Cash Flow Management Includes income and expense tracking, as well as cash flow monitoring. Avg. 79 84 Cost Revenue Tracking The process of recording, classifying, analyzing, summarizing, and allocating costs associated with a process Avg. 80 83 Budgeting Forecasting Functionality allowing users to create and maintain budgets and develop forecasts, what-if scenarios, etc Avg. 80 83 Vendor Capability Ratings Average rating of all vendor capabilities, some of which may not be shown below Average 83 Ease of Customization Don't get bogged down in a difficult customization; use this data to make sure you can easily achieve the functionality you need for your particular situation. Avg. 77 86 Availability and Quality of Training Effective and readily available training enables users to get the most out of the software you've chosen. Use this section to make sure your vendor's training programs and materials measure up. Avg. 78 85 Business Value Created Software needs to create value for employees, customers, partners, and, ultimately, shareholders. This data expresses user satisfaction - or lack thereof - with the product's business value. Avg. 81 84 Quality of Features Feature quality is just as important as quantity. Use this data to determine if this product will do what you're purchasing it to do, easily, intuitively, reliably, and effectively. Avg. 81 84 Ease of Implementation Successfully implementing new software is necessary to realize its full value and promote end user adoption. This data indicates whether or not the product is easy to implement. Avg. 79 83 Ease of Data Integration Use this data to determine whether the product will cause headaches or make data integration easy. Avg. 79 83 Breadth of Features Users prefer feature rich software that enables them to perform diverse series of tasks. This data expresses user satisfaction with the product's breadth of features. Avg. 79 83 Ease of IT Administration This data indicates whether IT personnel will be able to resolve issues and perform configurations efficiently and effectively. Avg. 80 81 Product Strategy and Rate of Improvement Vendors who don't stay on top of emerging needs and trends won't enable you to meet your business goals. Use this data to separate innovators from imposters. Avg. 76 81 Vendor Support The importance of vendor support will vary for each organization depending on internal capabilities, but there will always be issues that only the vendor can resolve. Avg. 79 80 Usability and Intuitiveness End user learning curves cost the organization money. Pay attention to your end users' technical ability to determine how important UX is in your purchase. Avg. 79 80 Also Featured in... Discrete Manufacturing ERP Score 8.3 View Odoo in this category (opens in a new tab) Enterprise Resource Planning - Midmarket Score 7.8 View Odoo in this category (opens in a new tab) Odoo Reviews Sam M. Role: Information Technology Industry: Technology Involvement: IT Leader or Manager Validated Review Verified Reviewer Reviewer received a nominal reward in the form of a gift card for submitting this review as a thank you for their time. Flag this review Please login or register in order to flag this review. Submitted Dec 2024 Offers flexibility and a modern approach. Likeliness to Recommend 8 /10 What differentiates Odoo from other similar products? Odoo's combination of modularity, flexibility, cost-effectiveness, and ease of use makes it a standout option for businesses seeking a scalable ERP solution. Its open-source nature, integrated e-commerce features, strong community support, and user-friendly design make it a compelling choice for businesses of all sizes looking for a highly customizable, affordable, and future-proof ERP platform. However, its adaptability can also be a double-edged swordbusinesses should ensure they have the expertise to fully leverage the customization options and avoid overcomplicating their implementation. What is your favorite aspect of this product? Modularity, flexibility, cost-effectiveness, and ease of use makes it a standout option for businesses seeking a scalable ERP solution What do you dislike most about this product? Adaptability can be a double-edged sword. What recommendations would you give to someone considering this product? Odoo offers flexibility, scalability, and a modern approach to ERP, making it an appealing choice for businesses of all sizes. However, to fully benefit from its capabilities, its important to carefully plan your implementation, ensure your team is properly trained, and be prepared for some customization and integration work. If you can manage these elements, Odoo can provide a cost-effective and highly customizable solution that grows with your business. Pros Performance Enhancing Saves Time Acts with Integrity Generous Negotitation Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Flag the Review Role: Finance Industry: Banking Involvement: Business Leader or Manager Validated Review Anonymous Reviewer Reviewer requested to remain anonymous. Reviewer received a nominal reward in the form of a gift card for submitting this review as a thank you for their time. Flag this review Please login or register in order to flag this review. Submitted Apr 2024 Easy to use! Likeliness to Recommend 8 /10 Pros Efficient Service Respectful Client's Interest First Helps Innovate Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Flag the Review Musa S. Role: Information Technology Industry: Technology Involvement: IT Leader or Manager Validated Review Verified Reviewer Reviewer received a nominal reward in the form of a gift card for submitting this review as a thank you for their time. Flag this review Please login or register in order to flag this review. Submitted Jul 2025 A powerful all in one business solution that grows Likeliness to Recommend 6 /10 What differentiates Odoo from other similar products? What sets Odoo apart is its all-in-one platform that covers almost every area of a business sales, accounting, inventory, HR, CRM, marketing, and more all fully integrated. Unlike many tools that focus on just one function, Odoo removes the need for multiple software systems. What is your favorite aspect of this product? My favorite aspect of Odoo is how everything is seamlessly connected in one place, I can manage sales, inventory, accounting, HR, and even marketing without jumping between different apps. What do you dislike most about this product? What I dislike most about Odoo is that some advanced features require technical knowledge or developer support to fully customize while the system is powerful, making deeper changes like custom workflows, detailed report layouts, or module tweaks can be tricky without coding experience. What recommendations would you give to someone considering this product? Anyone who is interested in considering Odoo, should start with the modules needed most, get help with setup if needed, explore its features gradually, and see it as a long-term, scalable solution for managing your entire business. Pros Helps Innovate Reliable Performance Enhancing Unique Features Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Flag the Review 1 2 3  Last Most Popular Odoo Comparisons Oracle PeopleSoft ERP Compare Sage Intacct Compare Quickbooks Enterprise Compare NetSuite Cloud Accounting Software Compare Workday Enterprise Management Cloud Compare Oracle E-Business Suite Compare See All Alternatives Welcome to SoftwareReviews! Before continuing, please take a moment to review and agree to our policies and indicate your email preferences below: I accept the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and agree that SoftwareReviews and relevant software vendors may contact me regarding my request. I agree to receive communications from Info-Tech Research Group, including SoftwareReviews. You may unsubscribe and customize your communication preferences at any time. Download Get Instant Access<br>to this Report Get Instant Access to this Report Unlock your first report with just a business email. Register to access our entire library.  2025 SoftwareReviews.com. All rights reserved. SoftwareReviews empowers organizations with the best data, insights, and advice to improve the software buying and selling experience. Follow LinkedIn Translation missing: en.social.twitter Facebook Certifications  2025 SoftwareReviews.com. All rights reserved. Menu Log in Categories Reports For Vendors Site Map About Us Careers Press Releases Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Opt Out: Selling Personal Data