Odoo Reviews: Pricing & Software Features 2024 - Financesonline.com MENU SOFTWARE CATEGORIES FOR REMOTE WORK GET LISTED GET LISTED B2B Software Categories Accounting Software Billing Software ERP Software Appointment Scheduling Software Business Intelligence Software Collaboration Software Collaboration Tools Document Management Systems Enterprise Social Networking Software Online Community Platforms Productivity Suite Software Project Collaboration Tools Web Collaboration Tools Communications Software Video Conferencing Software Content Management Software CRM Software Customer Service Software Reviews Management Software Online CRM Software Social Media CRM Customer Support Software Live Chat Software File Sharing Software Help Desk Software Industry-Specific Help Desk Software Service Desk Software HR Management Software Learning Management Systems (LMS) Corporate LMS Software Talent Management System Project Management Software Agile Project Management Software Field Service Management Software - FSM Maintenance Management Software - CMMS Professional Services Automation Software - PSA Project Portfolio Management Software - PPM Task Management Software Time Tracking Software Visual Project Management Tools Shopping Cart Software Sales Tools Contact Management Software Inventory Management Software Lead Management Systems Sales Automation Software Sales Management Software Marketing Software Marketing Automation Software Email Marketing Software Mobile Marketing Software Search Marketing Software Binary Options Brokers Financial News SHOW ALL POPULAR CATEGORIES Home ERP Software Odoo Why is FinancesOnline free Odoo Review Our score: 9.0 User satisfaction: 96% 4.4/5 (18 user reviews) 4.4/5 (18 user reviews) REVIEW USER REVIEWS PRICING DETAILS ODOO ALTERNATIVES INTEGRATIONS What is Odoo? Odoo benefits Overview of Odoo features What Problems Will Odoo Solve? Odoo pricing User satisfaction Video Screenshots Technical details Support details User reviews What is Odoo? Odoo is an open-source enterprise resource planning (ERP) and customer relationship management (CRM) that allows you to run your entire business and operations without needing any other software. It is perfect for growing and established companies where owners juggle operations, customer management, finance, human resources, and more. Its open-source model leverages the talent of thousands of developers and experts to build applications within the Odoo environment. It also ensures high usability across all the Odoo apps. Whether you want a single application for CRM or an entire family of software working together to run your business, Odoo can provide an app for that. You can start by exploring Odoos productivity tools, which include apps needed for your projects. Take advantage of timesheets, communication apps, planning tools, marketing features, and much more. If your company is steadily growing and you want to give your sales a boost, you can use Odoos sales-related software. They provide apps such as point-of-sale, subscription, rental, and invoicing, It can even integrate with Amazon Connector. Moreover, you can manage your expanding customer database using the CRM and Sales apps. For companies looking to streamline their already busy operations, Odoo also offers programs to manage and monitor various parts of your business. You can use systems specifically developed for HR, manufacturing, inventory, projects, accounting, and more. You can also manage projects, purchases, help desk, and field service activities using dedicated applications within the Odoo environment. Odoo is not your typical business software. It provides an open-source framework that houses all business apps. That means all programs natively work together. Whats more, you do not need additional set-up to use apps together. The modular approach to app development can accommodate community apps, such as Shopify Connect, WooCommerce, Office 365, and more. Currently, there are more than 23,000 third-party apps available that integrate seamlessly with native Odoo applications. Odoo is also available in Android and iOS. These mobile applications allow you to access your Odoo apps right on your mobile devices. The applications interfaces are optimized for smaller screens. That means you can manage various aspects of your business using your mobile phone. Last but not least, the company offers flexible pricing packages, which start at $6 per user per month. It also entitles the user to use one Odoo app without additional charges. However, if you are looking to use more applications, prices can be as low as $4 per month up to $24 per month. You can also pay extra for Odoo Online Success Packs, third-party apps, and Odoo Enterprise Edition. Show More Overview of Odoo Benefits Odoo aims to be a one-stop-shop for all business systems with its unique approach to ERP. It aims to consolidate all your processes in one place while maintaining a modular approach to each solution. One App for Every Business Need Taking the modern mindset of having a dedicated app for a specific need, Odoo houses some of the most fully-featured business solutions around. Whether you want to improve your teams productivity or manage your complicated manufacturing process, the company has an app for that. You can build websites, create an ecommerce portal, and develop a live chat platform without subscribing to third-party services. You also have programs to help you run your inventory, sales, streamline your operations, manage your finances, develop marketing campaigns, and much more. Fully-Integrated Business Solutions Odoo takes a different approach to develop business solutions. It provides an environment where various programs can integrate with one another seamlessly. That means, as your company grows, you can start using new apps without the lengthy onboarding process. Each software seamlessly works with the rest of the apps in the Odoo environment. Furthermore, you can automate processes across departments and operations. For example, you can automatically update your inventory when a product is bought through your PoS system. At the same time, native apps work well with the Community apps created by third-party developers. That means Odoo works well with your existing workflow as well. Customizable Solutions The modular approach to business solutions means you can mix and match the apps that you will need. Most ERP systems come with all the features built-in. However, Odoo allows you to use individual applications without affecting its overall performance. When it is time to grow, you can choose relevant programs that could help you with your operations. Whether you want to boost your sales or improve your productivity, you can create a unique workflow that would maximize your revenue and save you money, time, and effort. Faster Improvement with the Open-Source Model The open-source model of Odoo allows developers to create their own applications within the framework environment. Tha t means experts have access to the necessary tools to create specific solutions that are not currently found in Odoo native apps. As such, customers can use solutions from Community apps. Their functions range from integrations with third-party systems, such as WooCommerce or Shopify to specific functionalities like custom dashboards. With thousands of developers creating solutions, Odoo is always at the forefront of innovation. Flexible Pricing Model Pricing is typically what deters many growing enterprises from subscribing to ERP systems. With Odoo, you only pay for the applications that you use. A single user costs $6 a month along with the use of a single native app. You can add more apps to your plan as you need them. Native app prices range from $4 to $24 a month. That means you only pay for the functionalities that you actually use. Furthermore, third-party applications are also available from the Community apps. Show More Overview of Odoo Features Website building applications Sales applications Operations applications Productivity applications Community apps Odoo Studio Odoo Cloud Platform Success Packs Enterprise app editions What Problems Will Odoo Solve? Problem #1: Disorganized To-Do Lists Solution: Its Monday morning and Nicolas, a salesman just came back from a long weekend. He needs some time to reconnect to his job and tasks. Fortunately, Nicolas doesnt need to go through his calendar and all emails exchanged with leads or customers, he has Odoo Sales. The app sales organize the To-do list automatically, thanks to the dates and stages Nicolas has entered previously when filing up the follow-up notes for each lead, opportunity. Nicolas can directly click on the Next Actions button on his Sales dashboard and Nicolas can continue the flow. Once the sales order has been accepted via the online interface, the invoice is automatically created by the system. It creates an entry in the accounting journal, and an entry in the stock. Mark, the logistic officer, uses Odoo WMS app and knows directly what has been sold, and he can proceed with his own tasks. Feature: Integration of data, Automatic Calendar, Automated Invoicing, Automated Stock Update Problem #2: Attracting New Leads is Difficult Solution: Stephany has just created her new business: Cat and Dog-sitting. She starts from scratch and decides to use Odoo. Even if she has no knowledge of HTML, with Odoo Website builder, she can directly create her website, thanks to the building blocks she drags and drops. She can change colors, pictures, font, places, call-to-action buttons, and contact forms. Moreover, she can improve her position on Google, thanks to the SEO tool. Whats more, with the marketing features of the editor, the person who fills-up the form on her website is directly redirected to the Odoo Sales app with all the information. Stephany can then start to make a follow-up with that person. Feature: Website Edition, Call-to-Actions, Integration of Contacts into Leads Problem #3: Project Management Solution: Oliver is a project manager with a team of 10 consultants. He schedules the tasks of the project and adds the time it should take for each task. A project arrives just before the holiday season. Fortunately, Oliver uses Odoo and thanks to its Gannt view, he knows exactly when a member of his staff is on leave. As a result, he wont be wasting time by giving a task to someone whos out. Also, as soon as one of his consultants fills up a timesheet related to the project, the projects task is automatically updated with the timesheet of the consultant. Oliver sees directly how the project is progressing. Feature: Project Integration, Timesheets, and Leave. Odoo Position In Our Categories Since businesses have unique business wants, it is wise that they abstain from subscribing to a one-size-fits-all, best business program. Nonetheless, it is futile to find such an app even among popular software systems. The rational thing to do should be to spell out the various important functions that demand careful thought like crucial features, packages, skill ability of the users, organizational size, etc. The second step is, you must perform the product research fully. Read some of these Odoo analyses and scrutinize the other software programs in your list more closely. Such well-rounded product investigation ascertains you circumvent unsuitable apps and buy the system that delivers all the aspects your company requires. Position of Odoo in our main categories: TOP 5 Odoo is one of the top 5 CPQ Software products TOP 50 Odoo is one of the 50 CRM Software products TOP 20 Odoo is one of the top 20 Product Lifecycle Management Software - PLM products There are trendy and widely used systems in each software category. But are they necessarily the best fit for your organizations specific wants? A trendy software solution may have thousands of customers, but does it offer what you need? For this reason, do not blindly shell out for popular systems. Read at least a few Odoo ERP Software reviews and mull over the factors that you wish to have in the software such as the cost, main functionality, available integrations etc. Then, select a few apps that fit your wants. Check out the free trials of these platforms, read online reviews, get clarifications from the vendor, and do your investigation systematically. This in-depth homework is sure to help you select the most excellent software application for your companys special needs. How Much Does Odoo Cost? Odoo Pricing Plans: Free Trial Odoo ERP $6 per user per month Odoo Apps Custom Show More What are Odoo pricing details? Odoo Pricing Plans: Free Trial Odoo ERP $6 per user per month Odoo Apps Custom Odoo provides a flexible pricing program that allows you to pay only for the solutions that you need. Each user costs $6 a month. You can also choose apps from the following domains, with prices ranging from $4 to $24 a month. Website building applications Sales applications Operations applications Productivity applications Third-party solutions are also available in Community apps with prices ranging from free and up. If you need help setting up your workflow, you can take advantage of that Odoo Online Success Pack that provides the following packs and services: Basic (for Simple Apps)  $1,150 (15% off for new customers) Dedicated Customer Success Consultant  25 hours Project Management Email and Phone Support Training and Coaching Configuration Data Import Assistance App Customization (if Odoo Studio is purchased) Forms, Reports, Workflows customizations 1-year expiration Standard (for Advanced Apps and Data Import)  $2240 (15% off for new customers) All features of the Basic Plan Dedicated Customer Success Consultant  50 hours Developments Custom (for Advanced Apps, Data Import, and Customizations)  $4,000 (15% off for new customers) All features on Standard Plan Dedicated Customer Success Consultant  100 hours Pro (for Advanced Apps, Data Import, and Customizations)  $8000 (15% off for new customers) All features on Custom Plan Dedicated Customer Success Consultant  200 hours User Satisfaction Positive Social Media Mentions 135 Negative Social Media Mentions 5 We realize that when you decide to buy a ERP Software its crucial not only to see how experts score it in their reviews, but also to find out if the real people and enterprises that purchased it are actually happy with the product. Because of that need weve designer our behavior-based Customer Satisfaction Algorithm that gathers customer reviews, comments and Odoo reviews across a vast array of social media sites. The information is then displayed in a simple to understand form indicating how many clients had positive and negative experience with Odoo. With that information at hand you will be prepared to make an informed business choice that you wont regret. Video Screenshots Technical details Devices Supported Android iPhone/iPad Web-based Deployment Cloud Hosted On Premise Open API Language Support English Chinese German Japanese Spanish French Russian Italian Dutch Portugese Turkish Swedish Pricing Model Free Monthly payment Annual Subscription Customer Types Small Business Large Enterprises Medium Business Freelancers What Support Does This Vendor Offer? email phone live support training tickets What integrations are available for Odoo? Odoo, along with Odoo Studio, provides a framework for developers to create custom applications for specific business requirements. Its open-source model means third-party developers can create their own apps and offer them to other Odoo users. All native apps within the Odoo environment integrate seamlessly with one another. Third-party systems integrate with Odoo using Community apps. There are currently more than 23,000 apps in the Community library, which connect to various programs such as: WooCommerce Magento Office 365 Odoo User Reviews Odoo average rating: 4.4/5 (18 user reviews) 4/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Write your own review of this product ADD A REVIEW The most favorable review Linda Average score 5/5 PROS: Odoo meets all our requirements, its UX is great and constantly evolves, and we dont even need to use extra system in order to get task done. All its features are well integrated in one single application. Documentation is great and the API is easy to use. As a developer I have to say that the Python is most understandable program language today. CONS: As I said before, they constantly release new feature but something that I dont like is the fact that they remove the great ones, but as a developer I always find new way to do the things. Also, their purpose is to avoid the transfer with 3rd party frameworks but at the same time we are losing old technologies as well. Reviewed 4 years ago Read full review > The least favorable review Stevie Bird Average score 1/5 PROS: The best aspect of this was my expectations of what the software could do. In fact it did not live up to my expectations. CONS: I paid over 13,000 euros for an ERP software suite that ultimately Odoo were unable to get working for my tax zone in the Canary Islands. There was no apology, they refused to issue a refund and hid behind the small print in the contract. My company lost 13,000 euros in cash plus 6 months of time and energy trying to get the software to work. Appalling customer service. Arrogant and totally uncaring support. I would advise anyone to steer clear of this software and this company based on my company experience. Stevie Bird CEO Smoothie Solutions Reviewed 5 years ago Read full review > More reviews from 18 actual users: Sort by: Latest Latest Most useful Most positive Most negative We are highly satisfied with Odoo. Fast, easy to learn and offers great options Read full review > Jen 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 09.11.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Information Technology and Services PROS: Compering to other product, Odoo is easy to learn, easy to use and easy to set it up. With this product we can easily build new functionality for 30% percent quickly than using Java or ABAP or other program language. CONS: It could take some time when learning its functionalities and options, so you need to ask some expert in order to help you with the configuration. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Best open source in the market today Read full review > Linda 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 09.11.2021 Company Size: 11-50 Employees Industry: Information Technology and Services PROS: Odoo meets all our requirements, its UX is great and constantly evolves, and we dont even need to use extra system in order to get task done. All its features are well integrated in one single application. Documentation is great and the API is easy to use. As a developer I have to say that the Python is most understandable program language today. CONS: As I said before, they constantly release new feature but something that I dont like is the fact that they remove the great ones, but as a developer I always find new way to do the things. Also, their purpose is to avoid the transfer with 3rd party frameworks but at the same time we are losing old technologies as well. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Show More User Reviews (18) Full-scale ERP with highly flexible customization Read full review > Myrtle 4/5 Overall impression 3/5 Customer Support 3/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 25.09.2021 Company Size: Industry: N/A PROS: The core CRM is open source, so we have a wide room to configure that module. More importantly, integrating with other systems for a full ERP is easy as long as you have the fundamental tech skills. We plan it as an end-to-end platform, including warehouse management, POS, HR, marketing, purchasing and ecommerce. CONS: We understand the risk with open source, so we placed extra security measures, which means added cost and effort. We did encounter a few integration issues, but nothing that couldn't be resolved. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Comprehensive ERP System Read full review > Clifford 4/5 Overall impression 3/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 3/5 Ease of Use Published on: 23.08.2021 Company Size: Industry: Research PROS: I like how easy it is to configure the accounting field and customize the workflows and fields. Also, the vendors technical support is commendable. Whenever we have concerns and contact the support, theyll give us immediate response and help us fix software issues in no time. It is apparent that the team knows their business very well. CONS: Just like most quality, feature-rich software, Odoo is quite expensive. The amount of money you need varies depending on the number of applications used and the number of users. Since we are utilizing various apps like accounting, manufacturing, sales, etc., this product actually costs us a lot. But it's a good investment. We are also having a bit of difficulty working on complicated maintenance adjustments and accessing third party BI platform integration. The reports also need improvements. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Supports a step-ladder ERP rollout Read full review > Sabrina Verified user 4/5 Overall impression 3/5 Customer Support 3/5 Value for Money 3/5 Ease of Use Published on: 14.08.2021 Company Size: Industry: Hospitality PROS: We expected the rollout to be tedious and complex but we're wrong. Odoo is quite simple compared with other robust ERP systems. That is because you can do a step-ladder implementation. We started consolidating two departments at first (inventory and sales). The system favors this approach, helping us contain the initial hiccups during the rollout. Then, we just added more modules to expand the system onto other areas of our business. We also like it that we could configure Odoo down to our required workflow. For example, we're able to tweak a relation table for purchase orders to handle quantity and price the way we want it. We also noticed that updates are frequent in Odoo. It was sort of annoying at first, but we saw a pattern that the vendor is truly optimizing features. The updates could only work for us. CONS: Adding modules means you'll need more technical skills than simply rolling out an out-of-the-box ERP in one sitting. The learning curve is not steep, but it's not also easy, once you start to integrate Odoo with more modules. Prepare to use up around 2 days per week for your staff to learn to adopt the system for 3-4 months. That's our experience. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Scalable, flexible, plenty of integrations Read full review > Earnestine Verified user 4/5 Overall impression 3/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 3/5 Ease of Use Published on: 09.07.2021 Company Size: Industry: Other PROS: It's robust but scalable and flexible, meaning, it works for companies on a budget or plan to do gradual ERP implementation. We've integrated our ecommerce, HR, MRP and contracting with Odoo and plan to add more modules as we deem it necessary. There are plenty of applications to integrate, that's why we're looking at it as an end-to-end platform. That's actually the first thing we checked with this system: can it scale? I'm happy to validate the answer--yes. The system is also regularly being updated. CONS: The integration and customization require a level of I.T. skills, which means you better have a tech guy with you. I wouldn't get past the initial setup were it not for our on-call tech person. It's an overhead, but go figure Odoo on your own (granting you're a casual user like me) and you'd reach a deadend. As a cloud-based system, Odoo could've had a self-service portal that enables small companies to set it up without the need to pay someone to do it. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Avoid at all costs Read full review > Stevie Bird 1/5 Overall impression 1/5 Customer Support 1/5 Value for Money 2/5 Ease of Use Published on: 02.06.2021 Company Size: N/A Industry: N/A PROS: The best aspect of this was my expectations of what the software could do. In fact it did not live up to my expectations. CONS: I paid over 13,000 euros for an ERP software suite that ultimately Odoo were unable to get working for my tax zone in the Canary Islands. There was no apology, they refused to issue a refund and hid behind the small print in the contract. My company lost 13,000 euros in cash plus 6 months of time and energy trying to get the software to work. Appalling customer service. Arrogant and totally uncaring support. I would advise anyone to steer clear of this software and this company based on my company experience. Stevie Bird CEO Smoothie Solutions What do you think about this review? Great Poor Odoo Performance Feedback Read full review > Kimberly Verified user 4/5 Overall impression 3/5 Customer Support 3/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 24.04.2021 Company Size: Industry: Higher Education PROS: I think the best quality of this product is the range of application that it offers. It has an app for CRM, invoicing application, sales, accounting, point of sale, manufacturing, purchase, and other areas of a business. On top of that, this software can be used by small, medium, and even large enterprises. CONS: I dont like the pricing scheme of this product. You have to pay for every application you want to use and for the number of individuals who will use the app. For example, ten individuals are using 6 different applications. You will be charged at least 200  monthly. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Awesome Open Source ERP Read full review > Verna Verified user 4/5 Overall impression 3/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 03.04.2021 Company Size: 11-50 Employees Industry: Information Technology and Services PROS: Odoo helps us find partners worldwide. It is modular and scalable. This is thanks to being a real open source ERP. Anyone can access the code for its free version and use to extend the applications use or even create a new app. Odoo also interfaces well with other solutions. CONS: Having more than five apps on premises is very expensive. Odoo, I feel, can lower their price. They are pretty expensive compared to other open source applications like OPEN BRAVO. The price can be made fairer. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Awesome experience with the solution Read full review > Genoveva Verified user 5/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 01.03.2021 Company Size: Industry: Mechanical or Industrial Engineering PROS: Odoo is wonderful as it integrates well with a plethora of systems. It is very flexible and anyone can adapt it to the context and needs of their organization. One can easily create new modules for the app. Odoo has been great for my business and it keeps everything in place. The modular structure is wonderful. This is one of my favorite bits. You can deploy it in phases like having one module active at one time. It is very scalable as well. As your company grows, you can add more modules to grow with you. You can also add users and new modules work well with modules that you already use. Being open-source, it has so much potential. It is easy to use and thanks to updates, the user interface gets improved. It looks good and works well. Big fan. CONS: There are some issues when I tried to migrate from one version to another. If I remember correctly, it was to version 11 from version 9. It was pretty inconvenient for me. Also, there is much more to desire when it comes to e-commerce features. This is something that Odoo can totally improve on. What do you think about this review? Great Poor I am very satisfied with this product. Give it a try Read full review > Brooke 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 28.01.2021 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Information Technology and Services PROS: There are lot of things that I like about Odoo. First of all, it work more as a business development platform instead of ERP. We can implement business logic on top of the app server without any effort. It offers great amount of modules and they are all interconnected. I love its CRM module, it allows me to keep track of the leads and opportunities into Sales funnel. I can easily manage the commercial contacts and I can keep track of the calls and messages that we send to our leads. It has a wonderful feature called  Order by Last Message, this is great feature because you can always know when to contact the lead again, you can even set next step date for opportunities. I am very satisfied of the web site builder as well, because it is very intuitive, user-friendly and allows you to build your website from graphical building block. The good thing is that this works with emails and Im using it for designing marketing emails as well. Additionally, the accounting module is very useful for me because it allows me to link financial information (like invoices) directly with the customer. I am very amazed that this product comes with huge set of features for accounting functionality. The HR module helps me to keep track of the employee leave days and it provides me with other useful information as well. CONS: There is lot of information about Odoo and I found that all this information is not well organized. What do you think about this review? Great Poor A Review of Odoo Read full review > Christian 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 3/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 24.01.2021 Company Size: Industry: Retail PROS: What I like best about Odoo is that it integrates with numerous third-party applications. This covers a lot of business requirements, making it adaptable to the specific needs of our organization. It is user-friendly in actualization, too, which makes it easy for us to execute our methodology. And despite being open source, it has a seamless UI that has been leveling up in every iteration together with its functionality. CONS: The only difficulty I encountered with Odoo is its requirement of some degree of familiarization with PCs. But with that challenge aside, I was able to configure the application to meet our organizations needs. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Free product and it works perfectly for small size business Read full review > Doreen 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 15.10.2018 Company Size: 11-50 Employees Industry: Information Technology and Services PROS: What I like most about Odoo is the fact that it offers its options for free. Provides huge amount of capacity for personalization along with the modules. It is an open source, which is very helpful for me. Its easy to set-up and to use. It is so flexible that it can be customized on every level. CONS: I dont like the API, it is complicated for me because of the fact that Java is fully integrated with API it creates close-source and it is poorly documented. There are no references with iPhone. The IMO has requirements to work without lag. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Free to use, customizable and very helpful one Read full review > Adam 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 20.04.2018 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Information Technology and Services PROS: Odoo is an open ERP and it is very powerful, customizable and easy to use. You have the whole freedom when it comes to provider and customization. The product is all for free, so you dont have to spent lot of money for license in order to get high quality. Its great tool for any kind of business and it can be used by almost everyone. CONS: I have found some bugs in basic options, so my suggestion to its team is to test the product better. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Great product suitable for small and medium size business Read full review > Aaron 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 15.03.2018 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Information Technology and Services PROS: I love how Odoo is integrated with the Open source platform and the Enterprise solution is easy to maintain. It provides various customizable modules that help you to keep track of the business process and to utilize its solutions for overcoming issues and at the same time to maintain their distributed data. This product is so simple and it is highly helpful for understanding the lifecycle of some business process. This tool is great for tracking sales, purchases, accounting, forecasting the requirements of the product, great for project management strategies and helps in increasing the revenue of clients. CONS: The process of finding documentation and understanding the modules is really frustrating, because of the lack of documentation in English. They really need to improve some areas within the product. Also, if I dont perform the configuration as it should be then database crashes and then starts the process of recovery due to the limited documentation available. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Great all-around ERP/business-suite that fully-integrates most of your processes Read full review > Dan Schreck, ERP Solutions Verified user 5/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 25.01.2018 Company Size: 11-50 Employees Industry: Information Technology and Services PROS: 1. Open-source means you can customize it when necessary. 2. You can deploy as SaaS, public cloud (AWS or Azure), or your own network. 3. It's possibly the most user-friendly ERP system. 4. Custom app store contains hundreds of pre-built custom apps. 5. It's modular  install and use (as well as pay for) only what you need. 6. Low cost and no long term commitments! CONS: Due to it's open-source history some information is scattered in YouTube videos, online documentation, etc. Also, Odoo themselves don't provide services unless you simply use their own cloud and don't have any customization, so you really need a trust-worthy partner. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Powerful business management tool Read full review > Wade 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 29.12.2017 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Internet PROS: The good thing about Odoo is the fact that allows you to do everything, it is great tool for managing CRM, HRM, ERP and many others. It offers great integrations and even 3rd party extensions and this helps you to implement functionalities you need. But, the most important thing is that you can use it all for free, yes, there are some functionalities that you have to pay in order to use them but overall the product offers what your business needs. CONS: In my experience I feel that the product can be complicated, but once I learnt how to use it everything becomes easier and user-friendly. At the beginning I had some issues with the installation and set-up, but its not as difficult as it seems. What do you think about this review? Great Poor I highly recommend Odoo Read full review > Judith Verified user 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 19.12.2017 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Consumer Electronics PROS: With its open platform features I can add system options that I need and at the same time Im not required to pay for the options that I dont need. I love the ability to test new app or optionality on a demo version so I can be sure that it works the way I want before purchasing it. Odoos customization features are great for capturing all special requirements of the business. CONS: We use the Enterprise version but we cannot add on open source apps. In my opinion they need to work on its API integrations with external sources, we wanted to create automated integration for communication taxation but without success. We have to hire a developer that would write codes so we can work on both systems. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Join a community of 7,369 SaaS experts Thank you for the time you take to leave a quick review of this software. Our community and review base is constantly developing because of experts like you, who are willing to share their experience and knowledge with others to help them make more informed buying decisions. Sign in with LinkedIn Why we require LinkedIn? Show the community that you're an actual user. We will only show your name and profile image in your review. You can still post your review anonymously. OR Sign in with company email Sign in with company email Please use a business email address. We don't accept personal emails like gmail, yahoo, etc. Sign In Useful Odoo Resources Pros & Cons of Odoo: Analysis of a Leading ERP Software in 2024 Popular Odoo Alternatives Product name: Our Score: VIENNA Advantage Pricing & Software Features 2025 8.3 Jesta Vision Suite Pricing & Software Features 2025 8.0 ADVANTAGE 365 Pricing & Software Features 2025 8.0 ChiefEx Pricing & Software Features 2025 8.0 Witty Educational Institute Management Pricing & Software Features 2025 8.0 Top Competitors To Odoo By Price Product name: Price: Discover the latest pricing plans for Pateast By quote Discover the latest pricing plans for MetaPro By quote Discover the latest pricing plans for MixERP By quote Discover the latest pricing plans for Ejada By quote Discover the latest pricing plans for ERPinCloud $39 Trending ERP Software Reviews Product name: Score: Satisfaction: Read the latest user reviews of Aptean Distribution ERP 6.8 95% Read the latest user reviews of Cogniscient SAP Business ByDesign 8.0 97% Read the latest user reviews of QAD Cloud ERP 8.3 100% Read the latest user reviews of ERPGulf 8.5 98% Read the latest user reviews of FileMaker Pro 8.4 99% Odoo Comparisons Product name: Read a detailed comparison of Odoo and Evreka Platform Read a detailed comparison of Odoo and RouteMagic Read a detailed comparison of Odoo and SAP ERP Read a detailed comparison of Odoo and FACT ERP Read a detailed comparison of Odoo and ChiefEx Read a detailed comparison of Odoo and ParagonERP Read a detailed comparison of Odoo and Bizowie Read a detailed comparison of Odoo and Sage 100 ERP Read a detailed comparison of Odoo and Deltek Costpoint Read a detailed comparison of Odoo and Trizeri Odoo user reviews We are highly satisfied with Odoo. Fast, easy to learn and offers great options Read full review > Jen 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 09.11.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Information Technology and Services Best open source in the market today Read full review > Linda 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 09.11.2021 Company Size: 11-50 Employees Industry: Information Technology and Services Full-scale ERP with highly flexible customization Read full review > Myrtle 4/5 Overall impression 3/5 Customer Support 3/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 25.09.2021 Company Size: Industry: N/A Comprehensive ERP System Read full review > Clifford 4/5 Overall impression 3/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 3/5 Ease of Use Published on: 23.08.2021 Company Size: Industry: Research Supports a step-ladder ERP rollout Read full review > Sabrina Verified user 4/5 Overall impression 3/5 Customer Support 3/5 Value for Money 3/5 Ease of Use Published on: 14.08.2021 Company Size: Industry: Hospitality By Louie Andre B2B & SaaS market analyst and senior writer for FinancesOnline. He is most interested in project management solutions, believing all businesses are a work in progress. From pitch deck to exit strategy, he is no stranger to project business hiccups and essentials. He has been involved in a few internet startups including a digital route planner for a triple A affiliate. His advice to vendors and users alike? "Think of benefits, not features." Page last modified 2025-06-30 Top ERP Software of 2025 1. 2. 3. COMPARE BEST TOOLS Did you find this review useful? Yes No Thank you for your feedback How can we make this page better? SHARE YOUR COMMENT Unsure about this software? FIND ALTERNATIVES TOP Why is FinancesOnline free? FinancesOnline is available for free for all business professionals interested in an efficient way to find top-notch SaaS solutions. We are able to keep our service free of charge thanks to cooperation with some of the vendors, who are willing to pay us for traffic and sales opportunities provided by our website. Please note, that FinancesOnline lists all vendors, were not limited only to the ones that pay us, and all software providers have an equal opportunity to get featured in our rankings and comparisons, win awards, gather user reviews, all in our effort to give you reliable advice that will enable you to make well-informed purchase decisions. 59 shares Share 59 Tweet Share Finances Online EU Office: 1 Agios Georgios Street, 7600 , Athienou, Larnaca, Cyprus US Office: 120 St James Ave Floor 6, Boston, MA 02116 GET LISTED Company About Us Contact Us Add Your Product Careers Research Center Research Team Policies Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Scoring Methodology Do not sell my personal information Content Write For Us For Small Business Top Software Software reviews Software comparisons Software alternatives Copyright  2025 FinancesOnline. All B2B Directory Rights Reserved.