Odoo: Reviews, Pricing, Features in 2025 Categories  Write a Review Add a Product Login  User Login Vendor Login Request A Call Back Home ... ERP Software Odoo Odoo This profile is claimed by Odoo but has limited features. Do you work at Odoo? Upgrade your plan to access the full benefits of SoftwareSuggest, and collect more reviews through marketing campaigns. 4.5 /5 Based on 4 Reviews Write a Review Write a Review Free Demo Get Pricing Free Demo Get Pricing Product Information Features Pricing User Reviews Alternative What is Odoo? Odoo is a powerful open-source ERP/CRM with comprehensive business applications and easy lead tracking. It has a rich web interface that is both feature-rich and highly customizable to suit your business requirements. You can also download it or grab the source code from GitHub. Pricing Odoo Starting Price  1,440/ User/Month View Detailed Pricing Awards Our Awards and Recognition More Awards Get Best Quote for Odoo Connect with SoftwareSuggest experts to get the best quote for your business. + Annual Turnover * Less than 10 crore 10 crore - 29 crore 30 crore - 49 crore 50 crore - 74 crore 75 crore - 99 crore 100 crore - 299 crore 300 crore - 499 crore 500 crore and above By submitting, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Request A Call Back Thank you for the enquiry. One of our software analysts will contact you in next 1 hour. Key Features of Odoo Here are the powerful features that make Odoo stand out from the competition. Packed with innovative tools and advanced functionalities, this software offers a range of benefits. Accounting CRM Sales Management Inventory Management Manufacturing Project Management Human Resources Purchase Management Point Of Sale Website Builder E Commerce Marketing Automation Helpdesk Timesheet Fleet Management Expense Management Document Management Email Marketing Events Management Studio (customization) Show More Odoo Screenshots Odoo Pricing Here are the pricing plans for Odoo. Choose the plan that best fits your requirements and budget. Get Detailed Odoo pricing as per your requirements. Odoo  1,440 User/Month Multiple Hosting Options Unlimited Support Free Upgrades Get Offer The pricing information for Odoo is sourced either directly from the software provider or publicly available materials. To get the most accurate and up-to-date costs, we advise reaching out to the vendor. The pricing information was last updated on 28th December 2025. Free Trial is available Odoo Specifications Get a closer look at the technical specifications and system requirements for Odoo. Find out if it's compatible with your operating system and other software. Company Details : Company Name : Odoo Headquarter : Auderghem Full Address : Avenue Edmond Van Nieuwenhuyse, 5 (Serenitas building) 1160 Brussels Belgium Overview Provided by : Thiago Velloso Odoo Categories on SoftwareSuggest : Accounting Software CRM Software Document Management Software Inventory Management Software Billing Software Project Management Software Show More Mobile Platforms : Android iOS Odoo App Language Support : Albanian Arabic Basque Bulgarian Catalan Chinese Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Estonian Finnish French Georgian German Greek Hebrew Hindi Hungarian Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Latvian/Lettish Lithuanian Macedonian Mongolian Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swedish Telugu Thai Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Business : Freelancers StartUps SMBs Enterprises Available Support : Email Phone Live Support Training Tickets Integrations : A2X for Amazon accounting Adyen Aiseesoft Image Upscaler Authorize.Net - duplicate product Google Docs Odoo Comparisons Compare Odoo with other similar options available in ERP Software. Explore the key differences to see why it's the top choice for businesses and individuals. Odoo SuiteCRM VS Odoo Trackon VS Odoo Dafater VS Odoo Bigsun ERP VS Odoo APT ERP VS Odoo LogiProERP VS Odoo IPIX ERP VS Odoo XERP VS Odoo Retail ViVA Lite VS Odoo FirstBit ERP Contracting & Construction VS Odoo Ready Mix Concrete ERP VS Odoo DiamTrade VS Odoo SmartRest VS Odoo Jet66 VS Odoo Pretture VS Odoo SYSOREX xCellence VS Odoo Ejada VS Odoo ESS (Enterprise Software Showcase) Event VS Odoo Gluon ERP VS Odoo Kagami VS Odoo Captals Cloud ERP VS View more Odoo comparisons Odoo Description Here's the comprehensive description of Odoo. Gain a brief understanding of its unique features and exceptional benefits. Odoo is a fully integrated and customizable open-source suite of business applications including sales, CRM, project management, manufacturing, inventory, accounting and other business needs in one software solution. Odoo was designed to meet the needs of companies of all sizes and budgets. The depth of integration within Odoo helps users to reduce redundant manual processes. Every module is interconnected to provide an integrated experience from app to app, and users can automate many processes that would otherwise require manual inputs into multiple applications. Odoo keeps all business functions in one place allowing teams to collaborate with other departments from one unified platform. Odoo is open-source software and offers security features to business technology and software development communities around the world. The Odoo market offers numerous modules and apps that are suitable for a variety of business needs. Read More Read Less Odoo Resources Videos Overall Odoo Reviews Thinking about using Odoo? Check out verified user reviews & ratings based on Odoo's features, user-friendliness, customer support, and other factors that contribute to its overall appeal. 4.5 /5 Based on 4 Reviews Write a Review Or Ask a Question Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Likelihood to recommend Out of 100% Odoo Pros and Cons Based on Customer Reviews "The user-friendly interface and high customization potential make it accessible for different business needs." "The visual dashboard and fast search capabilities enhance user experience and efficiency." "Odoo is particularly beneficial for small and medium businesses, offering lightweight and effective solutions." "Some users find the lack of restrictions challenging, as it allows updates on the fly without a structured flow." "Customization can be time-consuming and may require additional budget and development effort." SoftwareSuggest reviews are authentic and verified. Here's how. Showing 4 out of 4 Reviews Abhishek K. Business Owner 4.0 Jun 05, 2024 Used the software for : 2+ years (Daily) Company Size : 201-500 employees Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer The reviewer either uploaded a screenshot or invoice of the last billing, confirming their status as a current user of the software. Verified User Complete Solution of Business Management by ERP ! Odoo ERP is a versatile business management software that provides extensive features for multiple business functions, and we are using the CRM and Purchase modules. The Purchase module allows detailed product tracking, including prices, discounts, and vendor-specific details, and supports multiple units of measure and variant management. It automates procurement processes based on inventory levels, sales orders, and production needs, integrating seamlessly with other Odoo modules like Inventory and Sales for streamlined operations. The CRM module supports tracking customer interactions and sales activities, providing a comprehensive view of customer histories and sales pipelines. Overall, it is good but requires a small amount of technical training to fully understand. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Odoo After Sales Service Rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 What do you like best about Odoo? Its Purchase module is very good for its seamless integration with other modules (existing or new), high customization potential, user-friendly interface, and automation capabilities. What do you dislike about Odoo? Support service can be enhanced by giving some training modules as Purchase, CRM, and Inventory are slightly complex in the initial phase. What features is Odoo currently missing? single point data upload. Multiple files needed currently. What other products like Odoo have you used or evaluated? Zoho CRM, Excel inbuilt, Tally Useful 0 Share Tejas V. VP marketing 5.0 May 27, 2024 Used the software for : 2+ years (Daily) Company Size : 201-500 employees Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer The reviewer either uploaded a screenshot or invoice of the last billing, confirming their status as a current user of the software. Verified User Simple Open Source ERP with nearly all the modules available for managing day to day operations ! For managing day-to-day operations, we need CRM, Purchase, Sales, Inventory, and a dashboard. All of these come separately, and it's very difficult to integrate them with each other. Odoo comes into the picture here. It's an all-in-one package consisting of these applications and many others. All of the modules are integrated and function as required by the user. Good work. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Odoo After Sales Service Rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 What do you like best about Odoo? It provides a common interface for managing different types of applications that are interlinked with each other. It helps in managing the customer database and related transactions in a single place. For every operation, a separate module is available. What do you dislike about Odoo? It doesnt have many restrictions, and sometimes users need a process with a restricted orientation flow. It allows users to update the details on the fly. What features is Odoo currently missing? dedicated student management system with course allocation and scheduling of classes. What other products like Odoo have you used or evaluated? Zoho, Student Management System Useful 0 Share Chamroeunrith C. IT Manager 4.0 Feb 21, 2024 Used the software for : 2+ years (Daily) Company Size : 501-1000 employees Verified via linkedIn. Verified Reviewer The reviewer either uploaded a screenshot or invoice of the last billing, confirming their status as a current user of the software. Verified User This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic Odoo is great for business Odoo is a great ERP for small and medium businesses. Its core business functions work well, it is lightweight, and it has a nice visual dashboard with fast search capabilities. The business functions match approximately 70% of general business contexts. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Odoo After Sales Service Rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 What do you like best about Odoo? easy to use same template UI/UX and also faster and light on the web server, provides a visual dashboard to analyze the expense and more. For the basic function, it is great enough to use. What do you dislike about Odoo? Core business function need to be improve because mostly its not match with the business context, need to develop more and spend much time and budget on cutomization. What features is Odoo currently missing? missing busines function and not yet fully complete ERP function, and hope Odoo will develop more. What other products like Odoo have you used or evaluated? microsoft dynamic Useful 0 Share Keval Software Developer 5.0 Jul 24, 2020 Used the software for : More than 1 year Company Size : 11-50 employees Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer The reviewer either uploaded a screenshot or invoice of the last billing, confirming their status as a current user of the software. Verified User This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic ERP Management I strongly recommend this software, especially for small and medium-scale businesses. It provides end-to-end connectivity from product manufacturing to sales, managing everything in a very neat way. I have used most of its services as a customer and have also explored it from a technical perspective. Additionally, it is easy to integrate with other tools. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 What do you like best about Odoo? Here you can manage any type of industry with just a few clicks. This software provides everything from CRM to Sales, Purchase, Accounting, Inventory management, Manufacturing management, HR - Employee system, etc. Using this software, you can handle any type of your organization very well. What do you dislike about Odoo? Majorly, there are no cons that I have found yet. It resolves any of your complex business structures in a very easy manner. Useful 0 Share Alternatives of Odoo Explore alternative software options that can fulfill similar requirements as Odoo. Evaluate their features, pricing, and user feedback to find the perfect fit for your needs. More Odoo Alternatives Odoo FAQs How much does Odoo cost? The starting price of Odoo is $ 20/User/Month. It has different pricing plans: Odoo : $ 20/User/Month Odoo also provides a free trial to users. What apps do Odoo integrate with? Odoo integrates with various apps: eBay Amazon DHL UPS USPS La Poste Paypal Ogone Adyen Buckaroo Authorize.net SIPS Wordline Facebook Instagram Twitter Whatsapp VoIP (Askerisk) Google Docs FedEx What are the top 5 features for Odoo? The top 5 features for Odoo are: Accounting Asset Management Attendance management Audit Trail Banking Integration What platforms does Odoo support? Odoo supports a variety of platforms including Android and IOS. What types of businesses does Odoo serve? Odoo serves a wide range of businesses, including but not limited to Freelancer, Startups, SMBs, Enterprises & . How is Odoo commonly used? Odoo is commonly used for various purposes, such as CRM, Document Management, Billing and more. Who are the primary competitors of Odoo? The three major competitors of Odoo are Weclapp, MYFiO ERP and Sanchay ERP. Compare and evaluate their features, advantages, disadvantages, and other aspects to find the best option for your business. Most Popular Software TallyPrime 4.6 (399 reviews) MocDoc HIMS 4.8 (204 reviews) Vyapar 4.7 (124 reviews) Oracle NetSuite ERP 4.8 (86 reviews) Other Top Software Free Demo Get Pricing Free Demo For Vendors Register Your Software Vendor Login Pricing Price Estimator Brand Building Services Write a Review Success Stories For Buyers All Categories Resources Blog Free Ebooks User Sign Up/ Sign In Write for Us About Company About Us Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Careers Brand Guidelines Get In Touch With Us support@softwaresuggest.com  2014 - 2025 SoftwareSuggest 