SAP Business One Customer Reviews 2025 | Enterprise Resource Planning Skip to main content Search Search tips Search for products, categories, or vendors. Try keywords like 'management', 'Microsoft', or 'CRM' Search for " " by hitting enter , or see suggested results. Cancel Write a Review Categories Compare About Us For Vendors More Browse Reports Research What We Do Log in Log in Open search Toggle navigation Write a Review Home > Enterprise Resource Planning - Midmarket > SAP Business One > SAP SAP Business One Composite Score 8.1 /10 CX Score 8.2 /10 65 Reviews Write a Review Get Demo In Partnership With SelectHub Claim Software Category Enterprise Resource Planning - Midmarket Discrete Manufacturing ERP Accounting - Midmarket Accounting - Small Business Overview Awards Ratings Product Content Reviews (65) Comparisons Previous Next Download Scorecard SAP Business One 8.1 /10 Enterprise Resource Planning - Midmarket Discrete Manufacturing ERP Accounting - Midmarket Accounting - Small Business What is SAP Business One? SAP Business One is a world class award winning business management software product created by the German multinational software corporation SAP SE. It allows small and medium sized companies to automate their sales, purchase, financial, CRM, banking, production and service processes, including project and resource management. All the areas are tightly integrated and easy to use, complemented by deep industry solution capability from SAP partners and leveraging the revolutionary SAP HANA database as an in-memory platform for users to be competitive and innovative in the digital economy. Company Details SAP Business One X/Twitter SAP Business One LinkedIn SAP Business One Website Book a Free Demo Today! See it in action with a free demo. Click below to sign up on our partner's website. Get Demo In Partnership With SelectHub Awards & Recognition SAP Business One won the following awards in the Enterprise Resource Planning - Midmarket category Filter By Choose award year All Years 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 Choose award type All Award Types Data Quadrant Emotional Footprint Emotional Footprint Secondary Feature / Capability 2025 Data Quadrant Champion 2025 3 Top Rated Capabilities 8 Top Rated Features 2025 2024 Emotional Footprint Champion 2024 Strategy and Innovation Product Impact Conflict Resolution 2024 2024 Data Quadrant Champion 2024 10 Top Rated Capabilities 11 Top Rated Features 2024 2023 Emotional Footprint Champion 2023 Strategy and Innovation Product Impact Contract Negotiation Conflict Resolution 2023 2023 Data Quadrant Champion 2023 11 Top Rated Capabilities 11 Top Rated Features 2023 2022 Emotional Footprint Champion 2022 Strategy and Innovation Service Experience Product Impact Conflict Resolution 2022 2022 Data Quadrant Champion 2022 8 Top Rated Capabilities 10 Top Rated Features 2022 2021 Emotional Footprint Champion 2021 Strategy and Innovation Service Experience Product Impact Contract Negotiation Conflict Resolution 2021 SAP Business One Ratings Real user data aggregated to summarize the product performance and customer experience. Download the entire Product Scorecard to access more information on SAP Business One. Product scores listed below represent current data. This may be different from data contained in reports and awards, which express data as of their publication date. 88 Likeliness to Recommend 100 Plan to Renew 84 Satisfaction of Cost Relative to Value {y} {content} {name} Emotional Footprint Overview Product scores listed below represent current data. This may be different from data contained in reports and awards, which express data as of their publication date. +83 Net Emotional Footprint The emotional sentiment held by end users of the software based on their experience with the vendor. Responses are captured on an eight-point scale. How to read this rating How much do users love SAP Business One? 6% Negative 3% Neutral 91% Positive Pros Reliable Acts with Integrity Security Protects Helps Innovate How to read the Emotional Footprint The Net Emotional Footprint measures high-level user sentiment towards particular product offerings. It aggregates emotional response ratings for various dimensions of the vendor-client relationship and product effectiveness, creating a powerful indicator of overall user feeling toward the vendor and product. While purchasing decisions shouldn't be based on emotion, it's valuable to know what kind of emotional response the vendor you're considering elicits from their users. % Positive - % Negative = Emotional Footprint -4 -3 -2 -1 Negative +1 Neutral +2 +3 +4 Positive Feature Ratings Average rating of all product features, some of which may not be shown below Average 87 Accounting and Financial Management Includes accounting and finance functions such as general ledger, accounts payable, and accounts receivable. Avg. 81 89 Procurement Management Includes purchasing and procurement management, as well as supplier management and optimization. Avg. 79 88 Analytics and Reporting Includes historical & real-time dashboard visualizations, detailed & summary reporting and easy data extraction for data analysis. Avg. 81 88 Industry Specific Capabilities Includes all unmentioned industry specific modules and capabilities related to the primary industry of your company. Avg. 79 85 Supply Chain Management Includes all aspects of logistics, distribution, and inventory management, as well as warehouse and shipping, order promising, and asset management. Avg. 80 84 BI and Performance Management Includes all aspects of reporting and BI analytics, as well as planning and optimization. Avg. 77 84 Service Management Includes all aspects of service management, service orders, requests, field service and contracts. Avg. 78 82 Human Capital Management Includes employee management functions such as recruiting, payroll, development and performance management. Avg. 77 81 Governance Risk and Compliance Includes governance, risk management, compliance, security management, controls and audit. Avg. 78 81 Job and Project Management Includes all aspects of project planning management, costing and billing, resource management and controls, and product data management. Avg. 78 81 Customer Relationship Management Includes sales order management functions such as quotes, contract, marketing, and automation. Avg. 78 80 Vendor Capability Ratings Average rating of all vendor capabilities, some of which may not be shown below Average 82 Business Value Created Software needs to create value for employees, customers, partners, and, ultimately, shareholders. This data expresses user satisfaction - or lack thereof - with the product's business value. Avg. 79 88 Quality of Features Feature quality is just as important as quantity. Use this data to determine if this product will do what you're purchasing it to do, easily, intuitively, reliably, and effectively. Avg. 78 85 Breadth of Features Users prefer feature rich software that enables them to perform diverse series of tasks. This data expresses user satisfaction with the product's breadth of features. Avg. 78 84 Usability and Intuitiveness End user learning curves cost the organization money. Pay attention to your end users' technical ability to determine how important UX is in your purchase. Avg. 76 83 Ease of Implementation Successfully implementing new software is necessary to realize its full value and promote end user adoption. This data indicates whether or not the product is easy to implement. Avg. 78 83 Ease of IT Administration This data indicates whether IT personnel will be able to resolve issues and perform configurations efficiently and effectively. Avg. 78 82 Ease of Data Integration Use this data to determine whether the product will cause headaches or make data integration easy. Avg. 77 82 Product Strategy and Rate of Improvement Vendors who don't stay on top of emerging needs and trends won't enable you to meet your business goals. Use this data to separate innovators from imposters. Avg. 77 81 Availability and Quality of Training Effective and readily available training enables users to get the most out of the software you've chosen. Use this section to make sure your vendor's training programs and materials measure up. Avg. 76 81 Vendor Support The importance of vendor support will vary for each organization depending on internal capabilities, but there will always be issues that only the vendor can resolve. Avg. 77 80 Ease of Customization Don't get bogged down in a difficult customization; use this data to make sure you can easily achieve the functionality you need for your particular situation. Avg. 76 78 Also Featured in... Accounting - Small Business Score 7.6 View SAP Business One in this category (opens in a new tab) Discrete Manufacturing ERP Score 7.3 View SAP Business One in this category (opens in a new tab) SAP Business One Reviews Jame J. Role: Operations Industry: Energy Involvement: End User of Application Validated Review Verified Reviewer Reviewer received a nominal reward in the form of a gift card for submitting this review as a thank you for their time. Flag this review Please login or register in order to flag this review. Submitted May 2025 Featured Rich ERP tool. Likeliness to Recommend 10 /10 What differentiates SAP Business One from other similar products? The user-friendly interface and the ability to customize dashboards in SAP Business One help make the software accessible even to people who are not technical. Its ability to work well with other applications, combined with smooth flow of data, helps set it apart and increases efficiency throughout the organization. What is your favorite aspect of this product? The way SAP Business One easily works with SAPs solutions and non-SAP applications is noteworthy. Thanks to this integration, companies can keep using the tools and systems they have, which makes switching to a united ERP system much easier. In this way, productivity rises and the system helps companies scale up as they grow. What do you dislike most about this product? SAP Business One is feature-rich, its price could be a problem for smaller companies. The overall expense for SAP Business Ones licensing, setup, and upkeep may be too much for organizations with modest budgets hoping to use a full-featured ERP. What recommendations would you give to someone considering this product? Providing complete training to employees is necessary for making the best use of the software. Training staff to use all the systems features and functionality will improve how well the transition goes and lead to improved company results. Pros Helps Innovate Continually Improving Product Reliable Performance Enhancing Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Flag the Review Harold W. Role: Consultant Industry: Consulting Involvement: End User of Application Validated Review Verified Reviewer Flag this review Please login or register in order to flag this review. Submitted May 2025 Key Insights For Evaluating SAP Business One. Likeliness to Recommend 10 /10 What differentiates SAP Business One from other similar products? The solution from SAP Business One is adapted especially for companies of small and medium sizes, with a complete set of tools for finance, sales, and inventory management. It is different from other solutions since companies can deploy it either locally or use the cloud, helping them adapt to any need. What is your favorite aspect of this product? The reporting and analytics tools in SAP Business One are among the things I like most about the software. With the software, businesses get real-time access to performance data, making quick decisions possible. Whenever users customize the reports and dashboards, they find it easier to see the data and this improves planning and efficiency in several departments. What do you dislike most about this product? Setting up and implementing SAP Business One can be complicated at first. The big number of features might confuse someone new to the system, and configuring it in a way that matches the business exactly often takes a lot of time and effort. What recommendations would you give to someone considering this product? Those interested in SAP Business One must take time to analyze their business needs to make sure the software suits them. A certified SAP partner can guide you with useful information and simplify the way your business adopts the software. Pros Helps Innovate Continually Improving Product Reliable Performance Enhancing Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Flag the Review Jamie R. Role: Sales Marketing Industry: Gaming and Hospitality Involvement: End User of Application Validated Review Verified Reviewer Reviewer received a nominal reward in the form of a gift card for submitting this review as a thank you for their time. Flag this review Please login or register in order to flag this review. Submitted Dec 2024 Real-Time Decisions Made Easy Likeliness to Recommend 9 /10 What differentiates SAP Business One from other similar products? Unlike Oracle NetSuite, SAP Business One allows you to tailor modulessuch as finance, inventory, and customer relationship managementbased on your specific needs, reducing unnecessary clutter. What is your favorite aspect of this product? when planning for peak travel seasons, I can pull reports on room availability, operational costs, and projected revenue in minutes. What do you dislike most about this product? While its great for checking reports or approvals on the go, tasks like creating new workflows or managing guest data still require the desktop version, which can be inconvenient. What recommendations would you give to someone considering this product? SAP Business One works best when integrated across all departmentsfront desk, housekeeping, and finance Pros Continually Improving Product Enables Productivity Inspires Innovation Altruistic Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Flag the Review 1 2 3  Last Most Popular SAP Business One Comparisons Acumatica Cloud ERP Compare Infor CloudSuite Compare Oracle NetSuite ERP Compare Unit4 ERP Compare SAP Cloud ERP Compare Sage X3 Compare See All Alternatives Welcome to SoftwareReviews! Before continuing, please take a moment to review and agree to our policies and indicate your email preferences below: I accept the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and agree that SoftwareReviews and relevant software vendors may contact me regarding my request. I agree to receive communications from Info-Tech Research Group, including SoftwareReviews. You may unsubscribe and customize your communication preferences at any time. Download Get Instant Access<br>to this Report Get Instant Access to this Report Unlock your first report with just a business email. Register to access our entire library.  2025 SoftwareReviews.com. All rights reserved. SoftwareReviews empowers organizations with the best data, insights, and advice to improve the software buying and selling experience. Follow LinkedIn Translation missing: en.social.twitter Facebook Certifications  2025 SoftwareReviews.com. All rights reserved. Menu Log in Categories Reports For Vendors Site Map About Us Careers Press Releases Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Opt Out: Selling Personal Data