BUSY Accounting Software Customer Reviews 2025 | Accounting - Small Skip to main content Search Search tips Search for products, categories, or vendors. Try keywords like 'management', 'Microsoft', or 'CRM' Search for " " by hitting enter , or see suggested results. Cancel Write a Review Categories Compare About Us For Vendors More Browse Reports Research What We Do Log in Log in Open search Toggle navigation Write a Review Home > Accounting - Small Business > BUSY Accounting Software > Busy BUSY Accounting Software Composite Score 7.8 /10 CX Score 8.2 /10 11 Reviews Write a Review Get Demo In Partnership With SelectHub Claim Software Category Accounting - Small Business Overview Awards Ratings Product Content Reviews (11) Comparisons Previous Next BUSY Accounting Software 7.8 /10 Accounting - Small Business What is BUSY Accounting Software? Busy Software is application software that records and processes business accounting transactions within functional modules such as Financial Accounting (Multi-Currency), Inventory Management (Multi-location), Production / Bill of Material, Sales / Purchase Quotations, Sales / Purchase Order Processing, Fully User-configurable Invoicing, User-configurable Documents / Letters, User-configurable Columns in Reports, CST / VAT Reports (State-specific), Mfg / Trading Excise Registers, Service Tax & TDS, Payroll, MIS Reports & Analysis. Company Details BUSY Accounting Software LinkedIn BUSY Accounting Software Website Book a Free Demo Today! See it in action with a free demo. Click below to sign up on our partner's website. Get Demo In Partnership With SelectHub BUSY Accounting Software Ratings Real user data aggregated to summarize the product performance and customer experience. Product scores listed below represent current data. This may be different from data contained in reports and awards, which express data as of their publication date. 91 Likeliness to Recommend 100 Plan to Renew 85 Satisfaction of Cost Relative to Value {y} {content} {name} Emotional Footprint Overview Product scores listed below represent current data. This may be different from data contained in reports and awards, which express data as of their publication date. +98 Net Emotional Footprint The emotional sentiment held by end users of the software based on their experience with the vendor. Responses are captured on an eight-point scale. How to read this rating How much do users love BUSY Accounting Software? 0% Negative 0% Neutral 100% Positive Pros Helps Innovate Continually Improving Product Reliable Performance Enhancing How to read the Emotional Footprint The Net Emotional Footprint measures high-level user sentiment towards particular product offerings. It aggregates emotional response ratings for various dimensions of the vendor-client relationship and product effectiveness, creating a powerful indicator of overall user feeling toward the vendor and product. While purchasing decisions shouldn't be based on emotion, it's valuable to know what kind of emotional response the vendor you're considering elicits from their users. % Positive - % Negative = Emotional Footprint -4 -3 -2 -1 Negative +1 Neutral +2 +3 +4 Positive Feature Ratings Average rating of all product features, some of which may not be shown below Average 84 General Ledger Chart of Accounts The general ledger contains the organizations accounts for recording assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. Avg. 84 92 Dashboards, Analytics and Reporting Includes historical & real-time dashboard visualizations, detailed & summary reporting, forecasting & easy data extraction for data analysis. Avg. 79 87 Expense Management Includes all aspects of expense forms design, completion, submission, limits and compliance, and reporting. Avg. 80 87 Cost Revenue Tracking The process of recording, classifying, analyzing, summarizing, and allocating costs associated with a process Avg. 80 85 Reconciliation Functionality that ensures that two sets of records (usually the balances of two accounts) are in agreement. Avg. 81 85 Accounts Payable Purchase Orders Record of debts owing for an organization. Sometimes includes a purchase order capability Avg. 82 82 Budgeting Forecasting Functionality allowing users to create and maintain budgets and develop forecasts, what-if scenarios, etc Avg. 80 82 Accounts Receivable Invoicing Record of claims for payment for goods or services provided. Usually includes a customer invoicing capability Avg. 83 82 Integration APIs Ability of the software to interface with legacy and other third party applications. Avg. 78 80 Project Accounting Ability to track, report and analyse financial results and implications at an individual project level Avg. 79 75 Cash Flow Management Includes income and expense tracking, as well as cash flow monitoring. Avg. 79 75 Vendor Capability Ratings Average rating of all vendor capabilities, some of which may not be shown below Average 81 Availability and Quality of Training Effective and readily available training enables users to get the most out of the software you've chosen. Use this section to make sure your vendor's training programs and materials measure up. Avg. 80 90 Usability and Intuitiveness End user learning curves cost the organization money. Pay attention to your end users' technical ability to determine how important UX is in your purchase. Avg. 81 89 Breadth of Features Users prefer feature rich software that enables them to perform diverse series of tasks. This data expresses user satisfaction with the product's breadth of features. Avg. 80 86 Quality of Features Feature quality is just as important as quantity. Use this data to determine if this product will do what you're purchasing it to do, easily, intuitively, reliably, and effectively. Avg. 81 85 Business Value Created Software needs to create value for employees, customers, partners, and, ultimately, shareholders. This data expresses user satisfaction - or lack thereof - with the product's business value. Avg. 82 83 Vendor Support The importance of vendor support will vary for each organization depending on internal capabilities, but there will always be issues that only the vendor can resolve. Avg. 79 83 Ease of Customization Don't get bogged down in a difficult customization; use this data to make sure you can easily achieve the functionality you need for your particular situation. Avg. 80 77 Ease of Implementation Successfully implementing new software is necessary to realize its full value and promote end user adoption. This data indicates whether or not the product is easy to implement. Avg. 82 77 Ease of IT Administration This data indicates whether IT personnel will be able to resolve issues and perform configurations efficiently and effectively. Avg. 80 77 Ease of Data Integration Use this data to determine whether the product will cause headaches or make data integration easy. Avg. 79 76 Product Strategy and Rate of Improvement Vendors who don't stay on top of emerging needs and trends won't enable you to meet your business goals. Use this data to separate innovators from imposters. Avg. 78 72 BUSY Accounting Software Reviews CA Garima B. Role: Consultant Industry: Consulting Involvement: End User of Application Validated Review Verified Reviewer Reviewer received a nominal reward in the form of a gift card for submitting this review as a thank you for their time. Flag this review Please login or register in order to flag this review. Submitted Oct 2024 Fantastic product Likeliness to Recommend 8 /10 What differentiates BUSY Accounting Software from other similar products? User friendly as well as pocket friendly What is your favorite aspect of this product? Affordable as compared to other accounting softwares What do you dislike most about this product? Less features as compared to other products What recommendations would you give to someone considering this product? If you are looking for a pocket friendly product for accounting, please go for it. Pros Trustworthy Unique Features Efficient Service Inspires Innovation Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Flag the Review CA Santosh A. Role: Consultant Industry: Banking Involvement: End User of Application Validated Review Verified Reviewer Reviewer received a nominal reward in the form of a gift card for submitting this review as a thank you for their time. Flag this review Please login or register in order to flag this review. Submitted Oct 2024 Great experience Facility to manage customer Likeliness to Recommend 8 /10 What differentiates BUSY Accounting Software from other similar products? it is a user friendly software as it comes with many features that are easy to use What is your favorite aspect of this product? Ease of working in case of GST compliances What do you dislike most about this product? it does not provide mobile access What recommendations would you give to someone considering this product? it has a robust customer support Pros Helps Innovate Continually Improving Product Reliable Performance Enhancing Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Flag the Review Digiri K. Role: Information Technology Industry: Consulting Involvement: End User of Application Validated Review Verified Reviewer Reviewer received a nominal reward in the form of a gift card for submitting this review as a thank you for their time. Flag this review Please login or register in order to flag this review. Submitted Dec 2022 Accounting Made Easy Likeliness to Recommend 9 /10 What differentiates BUSY Accounting Software from other similar products? BUSY Accounting Software is a resourceful accounting software with features such as inventory management, financial accounting, sales, purchase operations and mush more and all these makes the software desirable and the best in its class. What is your favorite aspect of this product? Using BUSY Accounting Software is easy The software is multipurpose and therefore very capable What do you dislike most about this product? BUSY Accounting Software offers more than we need and so no issues. What recommendations would you give to someone considering this product? I recommend BUSY Accounting Software for its efectiveness when it comes to managing business accounting needs. Pros Reliable Enables Productivity Efficient Service Inspires Innovation Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Flag the Review 1 2 Last Welcome to SoftwareReviews! Before continuing, please take a moment to review and agree to our policies and indicate your email preferences below: I accept the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and agree that SoftwareReviews and relevant software vendors may contact me regarding my request. I agree to receive communications from Info-Tech Research Group, including SoftwareReviews. You may unsubscribe and customize your communication preferences at any time. Download Get Instant Access<br>to this Report Get Instant Access to this Report Unlock your first report with just a business email. Register to access our entire library.  2025 SoftwareReviews.com. All rights reserved. SoftwareReviews empowers organizations with the best data, insights, and advice to improve the software buying and selling experience. Follow LinkedIn Translation missing: en.social.twitter Facebook Certifications  2025 SoftwareReviews.com. All rights reserved. Menu Log in Categories Reports For Vendors Site Map About Us Careers Press Releases Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Opt Out: Selling Personal Data