Busy Accounting Reviews 2025 - Pros & Cons Categories  Write a Review Add a Product Login  User Login Vendor Login Request A Call Back Home ... Accounting Software Busy Accounting Busy Accounting Reviews Busy Accounting Reviews This profile is claimed by Busy Infotech Pvt. Ltd. but has limited features. Do you work at Busy Infotech Pvt. Ltd.? Upgrade your plan to access the full benefits of SoftwareSuggest, and collect more reviews through marketing campaigns. Category Champions 4.6 /5 Based on 75 Reviews Write a Review Write a Review Free Demo Get Pricing Free Demo Get Pricing User Reviews Product Overview Alternative Overall Busy Accounting Reviews Here's an unbiased review of Busy Accounting. Discover how Busy Accounting users rate its features, ease of use, customer support, and other aspects that contribute to its overall appeal. 4.6 /5 Based on 75 Reviews Write a Review Or Ask a Question Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Likelihood to recommend Out of 100% Busy Accounting Pros and Cons Based on Customer Reviews "Busy Accounting is highly customizable, allowing users to tailor it to their specific business needs." "The software is user-friendly and simplifies accounting tasks, making it easier for users to manage their finances." "The software is regularly updated to align with current security standards and government policies, ensuring compliance." "Busy offers excellent support for GST and other tax compliances, making it a reliable choice for businesses in India." "Some users feel the user interface is outdated and could benefit from a modern redesign." "The dependency on the .NET stack limits hosting options to Windows servers, which can be costly." "Integration with internet banking and direct download of banking transactions could be improved." SoftwareSuggest reviews are authentic and verified. Here's how. Showing 20 out of 75 Reviews Hear directly from customers who have used Busy Accounting. Read their experiences, feedback, and ratings to gain valuable insights into how this software has benefited their businesses. Customize search : Review Type Mobile App Android App iOS App Company Size 1-10 employees 11-50 employees 51-200 employees 201-500 employees 501-1000 employees 1001-5000 employees 5001-10,000 employees 10,001+ employees Account Executive Accountant Actuary Admin Administrative Assistant Analyst Animator Assistant Manager Attorney Back-End Developer BDM (Business Development Manager) BDE (Business Development Executive) Business Analyst CEO (Chief Executive Officer) CFO (Chief Financial Officer) Chairman Chartered Accountant Clerk Committee Member Consultant Content Writer Copywriter COO (Chief Operating Officer) CTO(Chief Technology Officer) Customer Success Manager CXO (Chief Experience Officer) Cybersecurity Analyst Data Analyst Data Scientist Database Administrator Designer Developer DevOps Engineer Director Doctor Editor Engineer Entrepreneur Executive Finance Manager Financial Advisor Freelancer Front-End Developer Full Stack Developer General Manager Government Agency Graphic Designer Head HR Executive HR Manager Investment Banker IT Manager Lawyer Lecturer Legal Assistant Librarian Managing Director Manager Marketing Coordinator Network Administrator Non-Profit Organization Nurse Occupational Therapist Operations Head Owner/Proprietor Paralegal Partner Pharmacist Photographer Physical Therapist Physician Assistant President Principal Product Manager Project Manager Professor Purchase Manager QA Tester Regional Director Regional Manager Regional Sales Manager Risk Analyst Sales Consultant Sales Manager School Counselor Secretary Small Business Owner Social Media Manager Society Member Software Architect Startup Founder Supervisor System Analyst Teacher Team Leader Tec hnical Trustee Tutor UI Designer UX Designer Video Editor VP of Engineering VP of Marketing VP of Product VP of Sales Other Sort by: SS Sort Most Recent Most Helpful Highest Rated Lowest Rated prateek b. IT Consultant 5.0 Dec 06, 2023 Used the software for : 2+ years (Weekly) Company Size : 51-200 employees Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer The reviewer either uploaded a screenshot or invoice of the last billing, confirming their status as a current user of the software. Verified User This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic Excellent Software, Yet Costly with Windows Hosting (Built on.NET); Opting for Affordable Linux Hosting Would Be a Game-Changer! As part of my role as an IT consultant and sys admin for a local milling company (where I serve as a freelancer), I've strategically deployed Busy software on a Windows cloud server, providing essential support for our day-to-day activities. The software stands out for its excellence, receiving regular updates and seamlessly aligning with the intricacies of the Indian system, including GST and other tax compliances. The backup utility (Busy Agent) ensures safe backups on Google Cloud. Busy has become our go-to solution for billing, accounting, reporting, and various other functions, offering reliable performance without any hitches. The only challenge we've encountered is its dependency on the .NET stack, restricting our hosting options to Windows servers, which can be economically inefficient. A pivotal improvement would be a rewrite of the software using a Linux-friendly tech stack. This would empower us to explore more cost-effective hosting solutions, such as affordable VPS or dedicated Linux hosting, effectively curbing yearly costs. While Busy supports cloud hosting, our specific needs necessitate deployment only on IaaS. Shifting to a Linux-friendly tech stack would not only enhance flexibility but also yield substantial long-term cost benefits, aligning seamlessly with our company's efficiency goals. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Busy Accounting Mobile App Experience 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Busy Accounting After Sales Service Rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 What do you like best about Busy Accounting? The software is quite antiquated; our team has been utilizing it for an extended period. Regular updates are consistently being implemented, ensuring it aligns with current security standards. Weve assessed its compliance with the latest security measures. What do you dislike about Busy Accounting? It would be highly advantageous if the software could be deployed in a Linux environment to optimize hosting costs. Windows hosting for multiple users tends to be less cost-effective. What features is Busy Accounting currently missing? It would be beneficial if the software offered additional backup options beyond Google Drive. Additionally, the SMS notification feature of the Busy agent is currently not functioning, and addressing this issue is crucial given its importance. What other products like Busy Accounting have you used or evaluated? Zoho books Useful 0 Share CA. A. Owner 5.0 Jul 31, 2023 Used the software for : 2+ years (Daily) Company Size : 1-10 employees Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic Must Have software for Business Accounts in INdia I have been using Bisy Accounting Software for the last seven years and have found it very useful in managing accounts and various business activities. For scaling larger businesses, the software can be customized directly by the company or its partners. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Busy Accounting Mobile App Experience 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Busy Accounting After Sales Service Rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 What do you like best about Busy Accounting? Reporting in Busy is quite impressive and very much customizable and exportable to Excel format also. What do you dislike about Busy Accounting? Direct download of banking transactions from bank servers and integration of internet banking with Busy for all major banks free of cost. What features is Busy Accounting currently missing? Online Bankig Integration and Transaction downloading directly from bank What other products like Busy Accounting have you used or evaluated? Tally, Vines, Ibaan, SAP Useful 0 Share Pawan S. 5.0 Jan 04, 2022 Used the software for : 2+ years Company Size : 51-200 employee Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic User friendly I am an accountant using more than ten Busy single and multi-user setups on different machines. Busy fulfills all my professional needs. I can customize it as per my requirements. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 What do you like best about Busy Accounting? Online services required. What do you dislike about Busy Accounting? Trade specific features need improvement. Do you think Busy Accounting delivers value for the money spent? Not Sure Are you satisfied with Busy Accounting features? Yes Did implimentation of Busy Accounting was easy? Not Sure Useful 0 Share Aakansha 5.0 Jul 12, 2021 Used the software for : 2+ years Company Size : 51-200 employee Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer The reviewer either uploaded a screenshot or invoice of the last billing, confirming their status as a current user of the software. Verified User This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic Busy Accounting Software Great software for managing all your sales data, printing invoices, and managing expenses. It also helps you print cheques for your clients, manage your GST, and keep track of sales. Additionally, it provides features for different access levels. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Busy Accounting Mobile App Experience 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Busy Accounting After Sales Service Rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 What do you like best about Busy Accounting? From the software itself, we are in the position of printing the payment cheque. What do you dislike about Busy Accounting? User interface can be good. Do you think Busy Accounting delivers value for the money spent? Yes Are you satisfied with Busy Accounting features? Yes Did implimentation of Busy Accounting was easy? Yes What features is Busy Accounting currently missing? No Useful 1 Share Aasif 5.0 Jun 17, 2021 Used the software for : 2+ years Company Size : 51-200 employee Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic Truly the awesome software I have ever used: I have used many software programs to get rid of cash books and calculators and to save time for other projects, but nothing worked for me until I tried Busy. It really eased my work, and I was able to manage my other businesses as well. I just love it and suggest you all give it a try. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Busy Accounting Mobile App Experience 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Busy Accounting After Sales Service Rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 What do you like best about Busy Accounting? its user interface and capability What do you dislike about Busy Accounting? its user interface and capabilities Do you think Busy Accounting delivers value for the money spent? Yes Are you satisfied with Busy Accounting features? Yes Did implimentation of Busy Accounting was easy? Yes What features is Busy Accounting currently missing? no What other products like Busy Accounting have you used or evaluated? Horizon,zoho invoice,freshbooks How Busy Accounting is better/different from its competitors? It is easy to use and have many features Useful 0 Share dhruv 5.0 Nov 23, 2020 Used the software for : 2+ years Company Size : 51-200 employee Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic Busy Accounting software has truly streamlined our financial processes. It's user-friendly, reliable, and has saved us countless hours. Highly recommend for any business looking to simplify their accounting tasks! Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Useful 0 Share vishu 4.0 Sep 17, 2020 Used the software for : 2+ years Company Size : 51-200 employee Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic busy is one of best Accounting Software I have been using Busy software for 7 years. It is very easy to match data with the GST portal. Enter the data quickly and get different types of reports to analyze the data. It is easy to file returns quickly. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Useful 0 Share Saurabh G. 5.0 Aug 28, 2020 Used the software for : 2+ years Company Size : 51-200 employee Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic User friendly Busy is a user-friendly and easy-to-use software. After I started working with it, accounting is no longer a big challenge for me. It's very easy to understand and use. It keeps my data safe, and I'm very happy to have it in my financial life. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Busy Accounting Mobile App Experience 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Busy Accounting After Sales Service Rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 What do you like best about Busy Accounting? The best part about the busy software is that it keeps on updating from time to time and adds new features as per government policies. What do you dislike about Busy Accounting? There is nothing I have found least beneficial in this software as of now. Do you think Busy Accounting delivers value for the money spent? Yes Are you satisfied with Busy Accounting features? Yes Did implimentation of Busy Accounting was easy? Yes What features is Busy Accounting currently missing? Nothing as of yet. What other products like Busy Accounting have you used or evaluated? No I haven't use any software other than busy as of yet How Busy Accounting is better/different from its competitors? Is far far better than other accounting software available on market. Useful 0 Share SYED H. 5.0 Sep 15, 2020 Used the software for : 2+ years Company Size : 51-200 employee Verified via linkedIn. Verified Reviewer The reviewer either uploaded a screenshot or invoice of the last billing, confirming their status as a current user of the software. Verified User This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic Easy and User Friendly I have been using this software since 2013 and have found it to be bug-free in all respects. Furthermore, its drag-down feature from the financial statement to the voucher level is amazing. Its function keys work like Windows function keys. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Busy Accounting Mobile App Experience 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Busy Accounting After Sales Service Rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 What do you like best about Busy Accounting? I have been using this software for the last 7 years and have found it bug-free in all respects. Further, its drag-down feature from financial statement to voucher level is amazing. What do you dislike about Busy Accounting? Its overall look because its dashboard is not as attractive compared to others. Its look is very old. Developers should look into this matter. Do you think Busy Accounting delivers value for the money spent? Yes Are you satisfied with Busy Accounting features? Yes Did implimentation of Busy Accounting was easy? Not Sure What features is Busy Accounting currently missing? Its DashBoard should be changed..Its same sine long time. Further Graphical presentation should also be included for highe management understanding. What other products like Busy Accounting have you used or evaluated? I am also using another accounting software name Quickbook for my international and online based customers. How Busy Accounting is better/different from its competitors? it's drag down feature from financial statement to voucher level is amazing..and comparatively better and faster than others. Useful 0 Share SYED H. 5.0 Sep 15, 2020 Used the software for : 2+ years Company Size : 51-200 employee Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic Easy and User Friendly I have been using this software since 2013 and have found it to be free of bugs in all respects. Furthermore, its drag-down feature from the financial statement to the voucher level is amazing. Like Windows, you can easily use it with function keys. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Busy Accounting Mobile App Experience 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Busy Accounting After Sales Service Rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 What do you like best about Busy Accounting? I have been using this software for the last 7 years and have found it bug-free in all respects. Furthermore, its drag-down feature from financial statement to voucher level is amazing. There are a number of tutorial videos available for each function and feature provided in this software. What do you dislike about Busy Accounting? Its overall look because its dashboard is not as attractive compared to others. Its look is very old. Developers should look into this matter. Do you think Busy Accounting delivers value for the money spent? Yes Are you satisfied with Busy Accounting features? Yes Did implimentation of Busy Accounting was easy? Not Sure What features is Busy Accounting currently missing? Its DashBoard should be changed..Its same sine long time. Further Graphical presentation should also be included for high management understanding. What other products like Busy Accounting have you used or evaluated? I am also using another accounting software name QuickBook Online for my international and online customers. How Busy Accounting is better/different from its competitors? it's drag down feature from financial statement to voucher level is amazing and fast which is better than others. Useful 0 Share Jagat S. Sr System admin 5.0 Aug 06, 2020 Used the software for : More than 1 year Company Size : 1-10 employees Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic Easy to use and understand The software is excellent for individuals who manage account entries personally. You can easily generate reports, check daily entries, create invoices, and reconcile bank entries. Awesome. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 What do you like best about Busy Accounting? The user interface is really good. What do you dislike about Busy Accounting? The user interface is very good. Useful 0 Share rohan a. 4.0 Jul 30, 2020 Used the software for : 2+ years Company Size : 51-200 employee Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic Busy Accounting software has truly streamlined our financial processes. It's user-friendly, reliable, and has saved us countless hours. Highly recommend for any business looking to simplify their accounting tasks! Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Useful 0 Share Rajiv 5.0 Jul 27, 2020 Used the software for : 2+ years Company Size : 51-200 employee Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic Busy Accounting software has truly streamlined our financial processes. It's user-friendly, reliable, and has saved us countless hours. Highly recommend for any business looking to simplify their accounting tasks! Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Useful 0 Share Kamaljit Accountant 5.0 Jul 28, 2020 Used the software for : Free trial Company Size : 11-50 employees Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer The reviewer either uploaded a screenshot or invoice of the last billing, confirming their status as a current user of the software. Verified User This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic Accounting Every good accounting software handles financial work and many other tasks related to firms, businesses, warehouses, etc. It is very easy to learn and use. Someone with a little knowledge of computers can easily understand the entire process of working with it. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 What do you like best about Busy Accounting? Sure, please provide the text you would like me to review. What do you dislike about Busy Accounting? Not very detailed Useful 0 Share Akash R. 5.0 Jul 20, 2020 Used the software for : 2+ years Company Size : 51-200 employee Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic Busy Accounting software has truly streamlined our financial processes. It's user-friendly, reliable, and saves us so much time. Highly recommend it for any business looking to simplify their accounting tasks! Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Useful 0 Share Mukesh Y. Consultant 5.0 Sep 18, 2020 Used the software for : Free trial Company Size : 1-10 employees Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic Best accounting software The software billing service is fantastic, including GST return. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 What do you like best about Busy Accounting? GST Return What do you dislike about Busy Accounting? None. Useful 0 Share Krunal j. 5.0 Jul 11, 2020 Used the software for : 2+ years Company Size : 51-200 employee Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic Busy Accounting software has truly streamlined our financial processes. It's user-friendly, reliable, and saves us so much time. Highly recommend it for any business looking to simplify their accounting tasks! Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Useful 0 Share SIMRANJIT S. 5.0 Jul 10, 2020 Used the software for : 2+ years Company Size : 51-200 employee Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic Busy Accounting software has truly streamlined our financial processes. It's user-friendly, reliable, and has saved us countless hours. Highly recommend for any business looking to simplify their accounting tasks! Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Useful 0 Share Manish G. 4.0 Jun 30, 2020 Used the software for : 2+ years Company Size : 51-200 employee Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic Busy Accounting software has truly streamlined our financial processes. It's user-friendly, reliable, and has saved us countless hours. Highly recommend for any business looking to simplify their accounting tasks! Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Useful 0 Share Praveen Mobile 5.0 Jun 30, 2020 Used the software for : More than 1 year Company Size : 1-10 employees Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic Best Best software with easy working and bulk data entry system available. This is the best software in India, and old tab GST reports are available in this software. I have been using this software since 2017. The price of this software is 12,000. I suggest you use this software. Thank you. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 What do you like best about Busy Accounting? Sure, please provide the text you would like me to review. What do you dislike about Busy Accounting? Sure, please provide the text you would like me to review. Useful 0 Share Read More Read Less Have Questions? We can help! Get personalized recommendations from our experts on call! + Number of Employees Less than 19 employees 20-49 employees 50-99 employees 100-299 employees 300-499 employees 500-999 employees 1000 employees & above 1000-2000 employees 2000 employees & above Get Offer - It's Free By submitting, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy -- Select Industry -- Accounting / CPA Advertising Agriculture Architects Architecture Auto Dealership Ayurvedic / Panchkarma Banking Banking / Mortgage BPO Construction / Contracting Consulting Corporate Dental Diet & Nutrition Day Care Hospital Distribution E-commerce Sector Education Engineering FMCG Financial Sector / Fintech Food / Beverage Gym / Fitness / Aerobics Government Agencies Government Contractors Healthcare / Social Services Homeopathic Hospitality / Travel Insurance Interior Designers IT / Software Technology Jewellery Legal / Law Firm Logistics Manufacturing / Retail Maintenance / Field Service Manufacturing Manpower / Labor Marketing Services Media / Newspaper Nonprofit NBFC Oil / Gas Ophthalmology / Eye Disorder Clinic Other Petrol Pump Pharma Manufacturing Pharmaceuticals Physiotherapy Property Management Real Estate Real Estate Brokerage Recruitment Retail Retail / Wholesale Retail Grocery Retail Supermarket School Software / Technology Stock Market Telecommunications Textile / Garment Trading Transportation University University / College Utilities Veterinary Wholesale Submit -- Select Designation -- Accountant Admin Analyst Assistant Manager BDM CEO Chartered Accountant Chairman Chief Financial Officer Clerk COO CTO CXO Consultant Committee Member Designer Developer Director Doctor Engineer Executive Finance Manager Freelancer General Manager Head HR Executive HR Manager IT Manager Librarian Managing Director Marketing Manager Manager Operations Head Owner/Proprietor President Partner Principal Professor Promoter Purchase Manager Regional Director Regional Manager Sales Manager Secretary Society Member Supervisor Teacher Technical Trustee Vice President -- No. of Software Users -- 1 - 5 Users 6 - 9 Users 10 - 19 Users 20 - 29 Users 30 - 39 Users 40 - 49 Users 50 - 99 Users 100 -199 Users 200 - 499 Users 500 - 999 Users 1000 Users and Above -- Select Preferred Time To Call -- All Day Morning Noon Evening Submit -- Select Deployment -- Cloud Based On Premises Hybrid Any Submit Thank you for the enquiry. One of our software analysts will contact you in next 1 hour. Free Demo Get Pricing Free Demo For Vendors Register Your Software Vendor Login Pricing Price Estimator Brand Building Services Write a Review Success Stories For Buyers All Categories Resources Blog Free Ebooks User Sign Up/ Sign In Write for Us About Company About Us Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Careers Brand Guidelines Get In Touch With Us support@softwaresuggest.com  2014 - 2025 SoftwareSuggest 