Busy Infotech Pvt Ltd Reviews | Read Customer Service Reviews of busy.in Suggested companies MargBooks margbooks.com  265 reviews 4.3 mybillbook.in mybillbook.in  2 reviews 3.2 Flipkart www.flipkart.com  2.5K reviews 1.4 Categories Blog Log in For businesses For businesses Log in Categories Blog Business Services IT & Communication Accounting Software Company Busy Infotech Pvt Ltd Summary About Reviews Visit website Write a review Visit website Claimed profile Busy Infotech Pvt Ltd Reviews 8  2.3 Accounting Software Company Write a review Visit website Write a review Companies on Trustpilot aren't allowed to offer incentives or pay to hide reviews. Company details Accounting Software Company Written by the company BUSY is a powerful GST Compliant Business Accounting Software that keeps business owners on top of their business by managing not just accounting but their entire business. It includes Accounting, Advanced Inventory Management, GST Billing and GST Return Filing, MIS, Operations Management, Payroll, and more. As a pioneer brand, BUSY has always prioritized of fering customer-centric software solutions that are flexible, scalable, and cost-effective and provides excellent value to its users. With over 3,60,000 licenses sold in over 20 countries, it is one of the leading business accounting software in India, South Asia, Middle East Asia, and Africa. See more Contact info 206, MG House, 2 Community Center, Wazirpur Industrial Area, 110052, Delhi, India 8800799599 sales@busy.in busy.in 2.3 Poor 8 reviews 5-star 4-star 3-star 2-star 1-star How is the TrustScore calculated? Hasnt replied to negative reviews How this company uses Trustpilot People also looked at MargBooks margbooks.com 4.3 (265) mybillbook.in mybillbook.in 3.2 (2) Flipkart www.flipkart.com 1.4 (3K) Mubeennawabchandna mubeennawabchandna.com 3.8 (2) 2.3 All reviews 8 total  Write a review We perform checks on reviews 5-star 62% 4-star 25% 3-star 0% 2-star 0% 1-star 13% Advertisement How Trustpilot labels reviews More filters Most recent Abhishek Gupta IN  1 review Aug 14, 2025 i dont like busy software i dont like busy software i call for solution busy custmore he talk to me vary badly and behave very ruldy i feel that i make mistake by taking busy i use tally so many years i dont feel any problam facing using busy August 14, 2025 Unprompted review Advertisement SH Shagun IN  2 reviews Feb 26, 2022 No matter how many customers arrive in No matter how many customers arrive in a day at my store, the professionals of my store are able to execute the financial transactions easily with the help of grocery store billing software. February 26, 2022 Unprompted review PR Priya IN  2 reviews Feb 26, 2022 Ever since I have started using the Ever since I have started using the e-invoice software, my traditional bookkeeping has been replaced by the automated features for accounting & invoicing functions. Incredible solution! February 26, 2022 Unprompted review AC Aparna Chanana IN  1 review Updated Mar 1, 2022 Operations management is now an easier Operations management is now an easier task for our team ever since we have started using BUSY, the comprehensive accounting software. From managing orders, challan, ident, payment, and customer support to other operations, complete GST module, this software has helped us become the prominent service providers with utmost transparent services. Customized invoicing has been our favorite and most applicable feature for our business. January 28, 2022 Unprompted review SH Shradha IN  1 review Jan 27, 2022 GST accounting software Excellent cloud-based solution for accounting services. We were unsure whether our small business would benefit from BUSY GST accounting software. But, now, after one year, we feel this is the ideal solution for all the businesses looking forward to generating multiple invoices and addressing all the functionalities of the invoicing & billing operations with ease. Maximize your profits, monitor inventory, and formulate error-free reports with the help of this accounting software. January 27, 2022 Unprompted review Advertisement JV Jyoti Valecha IN  1 review Jan 27, 2022 Filing GST returns and making Filing GST returns and making GST-compliant bills is now just a click away from the comprehensive interface of BUSY software. We directly generate invoices that comply with the GST Guidelines by using this software. Managing multiple vouchers while experiencing GSTIN/HSN Validation has improved our workflow. We are relieved that error-free calculations with the help of this software have helped us retain our clients' trust. January 27, 2022 Unprompted review BS Bhupendra singh IN  1 review Jan 21, 2022 The retail shop software BUSY The retail shop software BUSY transformed our business as the billing has become simplified. All the aspects have become hassle-free, from the core functions like the point of sale activities, inventory, and marketing to other functions. This affordable and easy-to-use retail software has a single unified system that has helped us manage online and offline stores simultaneously. January 21, 2022 Unprompted review NA namokshijain IN  1 review Jan 17, 2022 Amazing software for E-Way bills Generating an E-Way bill was full of complications and a time-consuming process. But, we are delighted as we switched to BUSY software as it helps in auto-generating E-Way bills. Within a few seconds, our professionals are now adept at handling E-invoices and E-Way bills. Besides, our accounting processes have also been streamlined with the advanced features of this GST accounting software. January 17, 2022 Unprompted review Previous 1 Next page The Trustpilot Experience We're open to all Anyone can write a Trustpilot review. People who write reviews have ownership to edit or delete them at any time, and theyll be displayed as long as an account is active . We champion verified reviews Companies can ask for reviews via automatic invitations. Labeled Verified, theyre about genuine experiences. Learn more about other kinds of reviews. We fight fake reviews We use dedicated people and clever technology to safeguard our platform. Find out how we combat fake reviews . We show the latest reviews Learn about Trustpilots review process . We encourage constructive feedback Here are 8 tips for writing great reviews . We verify reviewers Verification can help ensure real people are writing the reviews you read on Trustpilot. We advocate against bias Offering incentives for reviews or asking for them selectively can bias the TrustScore, which goes against our guidelines . Take a closer look are you human? Choose country United States Danmark sterreich Schweiz Deutschland Australia Canada United Kingdom Ireland New Zealand United States Espaa Suomi Belgique Belgi France Italia  Norge Nederland Polska Brasil Portugal Sverige About About us Jobs Contact Blog How Trustpilot works Press Investor Relations Community Trust in reviews Help Center Log in Sign up Businesses Trustpilot Business Products Plans & Pricing Business Login Blog for Business Data Solutions Follow us on Legal Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Guidelines for Reviewers System status Modern Slavery Statement  2025 Trustpilot, Inc. All rights reserved.