Zoho Books Customer Reviews 2025 | Accounting - Small Business Skip to main content Search Search tips Search for products, categories, or vendors. Try keywords like 'management', 'Microsoft', or 'CRM' Search for " " by hitting enter , or see suggested results. Cancel Write a Review Categories Compare About Us For Vendors More Browse Reports Research What We Do Log in Log in Open search Toggle navigation Write a Review Home > Accounting - Small Business > Zoho Books > Zoho Zoho Books Composite Score 8.4 /10 CX Score 8.7 /10 70 Reviews Write a Review Get Demo In Partnership With SelectHub Claim Software Category Accounting - Small Business Accounting - Midmarket AR Automation Overview Awards Ratings Product Content Reviews (70) Comparisons Previous Next Download Scorecard Zoho Books 8.4 /10 Accounting - Small Business Accounting - Midmarket AR Automation What is Zoho Books? Zoho Books is a powerful financial platform designed to help businesses streamline their finances, automate business workflows, and help them securely collaborate with accountants online. It simplifies day-to-day business transactions, provides real-time financial reporting and ensures compliance with local tax laws. With its intuitive UI and fully functional mobile apps, Zoho Books will help businesses grow faster, smarter and scale more efficiently. Company Details Zoho Books X/Twitter Zoho Books LinkedIn Zoho Books Website Book a Free Demo Today! See it in action with a free demo. Click below to sign up on our partner's website. Get Demo In Partnership With SelectHub Awards & Recognition Zoho Books won the following awards in the Accounting - Small Business category Filter By Choose award year All Years 2025 2024 2023 2022 Choose award type All Award Types Data Quadrant Emotional Footprint Emotional Footprint Secondary Feature / Capability 2025 Emotional Footprint Champion Latest Award, 2025 Strategy and Innovation Service Experience Product Impact Conflict Resolution Latest Award, 2025 2024 Data Quadrant Champion 2024 9 Top Rated Capabilities 7 Top Rated Features 2024 2024 Emotional Footprint Champion 2024 2023 Data Quadrant Champion 2023 10 Top Rated Capabilities 7 Top Rated Features 2023 2023 Emotional Footprint Champion 2023 Service Experience Product Impact Conflict Resolution 2023 2022 Data Quadrant Champion 2022 8 Top Rated Capabilities 5 Top Rated Features 2022 Zoho Books Ratings Real user data aggregated to summarize the product performance and customer experience. Download the entire Product Scorecard to access more information on Zoho Books. Product scores listed below represent current data. This may be different from data contained in reports and awards, which express data as of their publication date. 86 Likeliness to Recommend 2 Since last award 97 Plan to Renew 3 Since last award 85 Satisfaction of Cost Relative to Value 2 Since last award {y} {content} {name} Emotional Footprint Overview Product scores listed below represent current data. This may be different from data contained in reports and awards, which express data as of their publication date. +89 Net Emotional Footprint The emotional sentiment held by end users of the software based on their experience with the vendor. Responses are captured on an eight-point scale. How to read this rating How much do users love Zoho Books? 0% Negative 6% Neutral 94% Positive Pros Generous Negotitation Transparent Fair Acts with Integrity How to read the Emotional Footprint The Net Emotional Footprint measures high-level user sentiment towards particular product offerings. It aggregates emotional response ratings for various dimensions of the vendor-client relationship and product effectiveness, creating a powerful indicator of overall user feeling toward the vendor and product. While purchasing decisions shouldn't be based on emotion, it's valuable to know what kind of emotional response the vendor you're considering elicits from their users. % Positive - % Negative = Emotional Footprint -4 -3 -2 -1 Negative +1 Neutral +2 +3 +4 Positive Feature Ratings Average rating of all product features, some of which may not be shown below Average 83 Accounts Payable Purchase Orders Record of debts owing for an organization. Sometimes includes a purchase order capability Avg. 82 85 Cost Revenue Tracking The process of recording, classifying, analyzing, summarizing, and allocating costs associated with a process Avg. 80 84 Cash Flow Management Includes income and expense tracking, as well as cash flow monitoring. Avg. 79 84 Accounts Receivable Invoicing Record of claims for payment for goods or services provided. Usually includes a customer invoicing capability Avg. 83 83 General Ledger Chart of Accounts The general ledger contains the organizations accounts for recording assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. Avg. 84 83 Expense Management Includes all aspects of expense forms design, completion, submission, limits and compliance, and reporting. Avg. 80 83 Dashboards, Analytics and Reporting Includes historical & real-time dashboard visualizations, detailed & summary reporting, forecasting & easy data extraction for data analysis. Avg. 79 83 Reconciliation Functionality that ensures that two sets of records (usually the balances of two accounts) are in agreement. Avg. 81 82 Budgeting Forecasting Functionality allowing users to create and maintain budgets and develop forecasts, what-if scenarios, etc Avg. 80 81 Project Accounting Ability to track, report and analyse financial results and implications at an individual project level Avg. 79 80 Integration APIs Ability of the software to interface with legacy and other third party applications. Avg. 78 78 Vendor Capability Ratings Average rating of all vendor capabilities, some of which may not be shown below Average 79 Business Value Created Software needs to create value for employees, customers, partners, and, ultimately, shareholders. This data expresses user satisfaction - or lack thereof - with the product's business value. Avg. 82 84 Ease of Implementation Successfully implementing new software is necessary to realize its full value and promote end user adoption. This data indicates whether or not the product is easy to implement. Avg. 82 83 Availability and Quality of Training Effective and readily available training enables users to get the most out of the software you've chosen. Use this section to make sure your vendor's training programs and materials measure up. Avg. 80 80 Breadth of Features Users prefer feature rich software that enables them to perform diverse series of tasks. This data expresses user satisfaction with the product's breadth of features. Avg. 80 80 Product Strategy and Rate of Improvement Vendors who don't stay on top of emerging needs and trends won't enable you to meet your business goals. Use this data to separate innovators from imposters. Avg. 78 80 Vendor Support The importance of vendor support will vary for each organization depending on internal capabilities, but there will always be issues that only the vendor can resolve. Avg. 79 79 Ease of Data Integration Use this data to determine whether the product will cause headaches or make data integration easy. Avg. 79 79 Ease of IT Administration This data indicates whether IT personnel will be able to resolve issues and perform configurations efficiently and effectively. Avg. 80 79 Quality of Features Feature quality is just as important as quantity. Use this data to determine if this product will do what you're purchasing it to do, easily, intuitively, reliably, and effectively. Avg. 81 79 Usability and Intuitiveness End user learning curves cost the organization money. Pay attention to your end users' technical ability to determine how important UX is in your purchase. Avg. 81 78 Ease of Customization Don't get bogged down in a difficult customization; use this data to make sure you can easily achieve the functionality you need for your particular situation. Avg. 80 76 Also Featured in... Accounting - Midmarket Score 8.1 View Zoho Books in this category (opens in a new tab) Zoho Books Reviews Ovuezirie E. Role: Finance Industry: Media Involvement: End User of Application Validated Review Verified Reviewer Reviewer received a nominal reward in the form of a gift card for submitting this review as a thank you for their time. Flag this review Please login or register in order to flag this review. Submitted Dec 2024 Fantastic product Likeliness to Recommend 8 /10 What differentiates Zoho Books from other similar products? The user interface is client friendly What is your favorite aspect of this product? The accounting part of the product and also the dashboard section What do you dislike most about this product? None at the moment What recommendations would you give to someone considering this product? For accounting purpose, it has one of the ease to use features Pros Trustworthy Client Friendly Policies Fair Altruistic Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Flag the Review Prabhav K. Role: Finance Industry: Finance Involvement: End User of Application Validated Review Verified Reviewer Reviewer received a nominal reward in the form of a gift card for submitting this review as a thank you for their time. Flag this review Please login or register in order to flag this review. Submitted Aug 2024 Great product with ease of use Likeliness to Recommend 10 /10 What differentiates Zoho Books from other similar products? Ease of use and amazing reports What is your favorite aspect of this product? The availability of options to import and export data What do you dislike most about this product? Nothing specific What recommendations would you give to someone considering this product? Zoho Books is a great product. You will not go back to any other accounting tool once you use this. Pros Continually Improving Product Reliable Enables Productivity Trustworthy Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Flag the Review Vimal D. Role: Operations Industry: Engineering Involvement: Business Leader or Manager Validated Review Verified Reviewer Reviewer received a nominal reward in the form of a gift card for submitting this review as a thank you for their time. Flag this review Please login or register in order to flag this review. Submitted Mar 2024 Zoho Books - Gift for Accounting Profession Manage Likeliness to Recommend 9 /10 What differentiates Zoho Books from other similar products? ERP & SAP For Accounts Team What is your favorite aspect of this product? Easy to Operate tool Without any Hazzle and Providing The Tracking Properly of Inventory What do you dislike most about this product? As we are Expecting Some Security Things to Development What recommendations would you give to someone considering this product? Such A Professional and Perfect tool for small to Big Industries. No doubts Go for it... Pros Reliable Performance Enhancing Unique Features Caring Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Flag the Review 1 2 3  Last Most Popular Zoho Books Comparisons Quickbooks Online Compare Xero Compare FreshBooks Compare Wave Compare TallyPrime Compare SAP Business One Compare See All Alternatives Welcome to SoftwareReviews! Before continuing, please take a moment to review and agree to our policies and indicate your email preferences below: I accept the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and agree that SoftwareReviews and relevant software vendors may contact me regarding my request. I agree to receive communications from Info-Tech Research Group, including SoftwareReviews. You may unsubscribe and customize your communication preferences at any time. Download Get Instant Access<br>to this Report Get Instant Access to this Report Unlock your first report with just a business email. Register to access our entire library.  2025 SoftwareReviews.com. All rights reserved. SoftwareReviews empowers organizations with the best data, insights, and advice to improve the software buying and selling experience. Follow LinkedIn Translation missing: en.social.twitter Facebook Certifications  2025 SoftwareReviews.com. All rights reserved. Menu Log in Categories Reports For Vendors Site Map About Us Careers Press Releases Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Opt Out: Selling Personal Data