Zoho Books: Pricing, Features, and Integration in 2025 Categories  Write a Review Add a Product Login  User Login Vendor Login Request A Call Back Home ... Accounting Software Zoho Books Zoho Books This profile is claimed and managed by Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd.. Please note that claimed profiles typically provide fresh content, prompt responses, accurate pricing, and improved user experiences. Category Champions 4.6 /5 Based on 110 Reviews Write a Review Write a Review Visit Website Free Trial Free Demo Visit Website Free Trial Product Information Features Pricing User Reviews Alternative What is Zoho Books? Simple, easy-to-use business accounting system to help you manage your accounts online. You can download a 14-day free trial of Zoho Books. Zoho Books is easy-to-use, online accounting software for small businesses to manage their finances and stay on top of their cash flow. Pricing Zoho Books Starting Price  749/ Organisation/Month Billed Annually View Detailed Pricing Awards Our Awards and Recognition More Awards Learn More About Zoho Books Maximize your potential with custom solutions built for todays opportunities and tomorrows challenges. Visit Website Key Features of Zoho Books Here are the powerful features that make Zoho Books stand out from the competition. Packed with innovative tools and advanced functionalities, this software offers a range of benefits. Invoicing Expense Tracking Bank Reconciliation Project Accounting Inventory Management Time Tracking Sales Orders Purchase Orders Multi Currency Handling Client Portal Customizable Reports Automated Workflows Recurring Transactions Tax Management Mobile App Vendor Management Payment Gateways Estimates Credit Notes Audit Trail Show More Zoho Books Screenshots Zoho Books Pricing Here are the pricing plans for Zoho Books. Choose the plan that best fits your requirements and budget. Get Detailed Zoho Books pricing as per your requirements. Standard  749 Organisation/Month Billed Annually No. of Invoices: 5000/yr No. of Users: 3 No. of GSTIN: 1 Accounts Receivable Accounts Payable Stock Tracking Project Invoicing e-invoicing Multi-lingual invoicing Audit Trail Automatic Bank Feeds Recurring invoices and expenses GST Filing Online Payments Bulk updates Reporting tags Transaction Locking Support: Email Start Free Trial Professional  1,499 Organisation/Month Billed Annually No. of Invoices: 10,000/yr No. of Users - 5 No. of GSTNs- 2 Features: Includes everything in Standard + Retainer Invoices Multi-currency Invoicing Automatic Exchange Rates Digital Signature Project Time Tracking Price Lists Landed Costs Client Approval Sales Approval Purchase Approval Zoho Payroll (10 employees) Workflow Rules (Up to 10) Support: Email, Voice Start Free Trial Premium  2,999 Organisation/Month Billed Annually No. of Invoices: 25,000/yr No. of Users: 10 No. of GSTIN: 3 Features: Includes everything in Professional + Vendor Portal Budgeting Custom Domain Custom Buttons Validation Rules WebTabs Webhooks Custom Functions Custom Schedulers Workflow Rules (Up to 200) Twilio Integration Zoho Payroll (20 employees) Support: Email, Voice, Chat Start Free Trial Elite  4,999 Organisation/Month Billed Annually No. of Invoices: 100,000/yr No. of Users: 15 No. of GSTIN: 3 Features: Includes everything in Premium + Advanced Inventory Control Integrate Shopify Stores (Up to 2 stores) Warehouse Management (Up to 5 warehouses) Serial Number Tracking Batch Tracking Print Shipping Label (Up to 7,500) Shipment Tracking (Up to 7,500) Support: Email, Voice, Chat Start Free Trial Ultimate  7,999 Organisation/Month Billed Annually No. of Invoices: 100,000/yr No. of Users: 15 No. of GSTIN: 3 Features: Includes everything in Elite + Advanced Analytics View real-time reports and dashboards Analyze and track key financial metrics Customize reports and dashboards Analyze Zoho Books data along with other data sources Collaboratively create reports with colleagues Export and print reports as excel or PDF Embed reports in web sites/applications Records/Rows (5 Million) Support: Email, Voice, Chat Start Free Trial Free  0 Organisation/Month Billed Annually 1 User + 1 Accountant Manage Clients Manage Invoices (Up to 1,000) Client Portal Online/Offline Payments Sales Orders Purchase Orders Bills e-way Bills Credit Notes Import Bank and Credit Card Statements Bank Rules & Reconciliation Chart of Accounts & Sub-accounts Manual Journals Reports Invoice Customization Audit Trail GST Payment Gateways Start Free Trial Show More The pricing information for Zoho Books is sourced either directly from the software provider or publicly available materials. To get the most accurate and up-to-date costs, we advise reaching out to the vendor. The pricing information was last updated on 28th December 2025. Free Trial is available Zoho Books Specifications Get a closer look at the technical specifications and system requirements for Zoho Books. Find out if it's compatible with your operating system and other software. Company Details : Company Name : Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd. Headquarter : Chennai Website : Visit Website Full Address : Estancia IT Park, Plot no. 140, 151, GST Road, Vallancheri, Chengalpattu District, Tamil Nadu - 603202 Overview Provided by : Prabhu Zoho Books Categories on SoftwareSuggest : Finance Management Software Billing Software MR Reporting Software Payment Management Software Personal Finance Software Corporate and Retail Banking Software Show More Mobile Platforms : Android iOS Zoho Books App Language Support : Chinese Dutch English French German Italian Japanese Portuguese Slovenian Spanish Business : Freelancers StartUps SMBs Available Support : Email Phone Training Tickets Integrations : Krisol - ERP for Furniture industry Krisol Visitor Management Zoho Books Comparisons Compare Zoho Books with other similar options available in Accounting Software. Explore the key differences to see why it's the top choice for businesses and individuals. Zoho Books Zybra VS Zoho Books Akaunting VS Zoho Books Wave Accounting VS Zoho Books QuickFile VS Zoho Books Vyapar VS Zoho Books MProfit for Accounting VS Zoho Books Saral Accounts VS Zoho Books myBillBook VS Zoho Books Pump Count Petrol Pump Software VS Zoho Books FMS II VS Zoho Books Deskera VS Zoho Books HostBooks All-In-One VS Zoho Books GST Plus VS Zoho Books Busy Accounting VS Zoho Books Sage Accounting VS Zoho Books TallyPrime VS Zoho Books MARG ERP 9+ Accounting VS Zoho Books Ramp VS Zoho Books Ledger App VS Zoho Books FreshBooks VS Zoho Books Refrens VS View more Zoho Books comparisons Zoho Books Description Here's the comprehensive description of Zoho Books. Gain a brief understanding of its unique features and exceptional benefits. Description Product Review Zoho Books is a smart online accounting software that will streamline your back office operations, automate business workflows and help you securely collaborate with your accountant online. Zoho Books is an online accounting software that will help you stay on top of your cash flow. You can track your sales and expenses, generate key financial reports like Profit & Loss, Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Statement. With Zoho Books, you can collaborate with your colleagues, accountants, and customers. With the Client Portal in Zoho Books, businesses can share their estimates, invoices and customer statements directly with their customers. Business owners can also automate a lot of their mundane processes like reminding customers about outstanding payments or sending notification about large deals using Workflows. Zoho Books is pre-integrated with Zoho Expense, Zoho Subscriptions and Zoho CRM, making it possible for businesses to avoid duplicate data entry in these apps. The integration with Zapier allows businesses to connect Zoho Books with their favourite app. With two-factor authentication available in Zoho Books, you can keep your financial data extremely safe. Zoho Books is available on iOS, Android and Windows app. Zoho Books app also is available in the Amazon app store making it easier for business owners to stay connected to their business from anywhere. Send professional invoices Collect online payments Track expenses Workflow Automation Document Management Track inventory in real time. Connect Zoho Books to your bank account and get a real-time update on your cash flow Access key financial reports like P&L, Balance Sheet, and Cash Flow Statement. Mobile apps - iOS, Android, Windows Zoho has a comprehensive suite of business tools to enhance productivity and help your business surge ahead of the competition. Get connected remotely to save time and money! Zoho Assist enables you to support customers from a distance through web-based, on-demand remote sessions. Stay on top of inventory operations! Zoho Inventory allows businesses to oversee orders, track inventory and remain GST-compliant seamlessly. Manage projects efficiently and ensure on-time delivery! Zoho Projects helps in monitoring project tasks, tracking progress, and seamless team collaboration through advanced project management features. Manage expenses accurately! Zoho travel and expense management automates business tasks and helps businesses in audits, creating budgets, and controlling expenditures. Streamline your billing processes now! Zoho Invoice is an advanced GST invoicing software for small businesses that provides in-built templates to create professional invoices. Automate accounting workflows for high productivity! Zoho Books can help businesses manage finances, collaborate across business departments, and ensure GST compliance. Handle customer subscription billing lifecycle efficiently! Zoho Subscriptions automates recurring billing workflows and helps businesses automate subscriptions to save time, money, and effort. If you are looking for the best small business accounting software for your organization  stop your search at Zoho Books. This all-inclusive accounting software will completely handle all your financial accounting, inventory management, and filing of GST returns with ease. This dynamic financial software is best suited for small to medium organizations and is packed with a wide range of utility features. One of the most popular small business accounting software providers, Zoho Books is extremely user-friendly, and its visual dashboard can give you all the information you require at a glance. The Zoho Books mobile app is also a must-have, as its sure to give users a seamless experience in every possible manner! So, what exactly makes Zoho Books the best accounting software available on the market today? Lets have a detailed look at its beneficial features: Zoho Books Complete Review Accounting Zoho Books is the perfect solution provider for all your accounting needs. It provides complete round-the-clock access to your profit & loss statements, balance sheets and cash flow statements. It also can manage your organizations inventory levels and set the reorder points to replenish stock levels when they drop below a certain point. The best aspect of this simplistic financial software is that it completely automates all your accounting, hence no more lengthy manual calculations  you can reduce the manpower of your accounts department and witness a sea of positive change in your accounting system ! Banking If you want automated banking at your fingertips, Zoho Books should be the accounting software platform that you choose for your business. You can connect your bank and credit/debit cards for all your routine transactions to get fully automated. It has the ability to keep a record of all financial transactions, such as expenses and debts, so that they can be accessed at a later time. Zoho Books also makes sure you receive automatic bank feeds and get the latest alerts/notifications to keep you updated on your banking history. This accounting software is surely a great way to handle all your banking needs in a comprehensive way! Invoicing Zoho Books is definitely going to make you're invoicing a stress-free experience! It provides you with a number of multi-currency templates, and they can be completely customized according to your preferences for optimum functioning. The multi-currency invoices are tremendously useful for global selling and simplify the entire process. Its the ideal way to keep all your invoicing worries at bay  Zoho Books has templates that come with payment reminders and payment thanks you notes to make sure your invoicing is streamlined efficiently. Reporting Creating analytical and well-prepared reports is a cumbersome task for any business organization. Zoho Books helps you stay on top of your reporting game by facilitating the generation of sales and purchase reports, reimbursement tracking and financial statements through the click of a button! Real-time reporting by Zoho Books gives an accurate picture of the current status of accounts and these reports can be accessed from anywhere, either through a web or a mobile application. This revolutionary small business accounting software is certainly the ideal choice for making multi-dimensional and detailed reports holistically. Beyond Accounting Its not only all about accounting with Zoho Books  rather, there is a host of miscellaneous features that can really be advantageous for your business. It can be used to send quotations, add recurring tasks, billing, and reminders. Zoho Books can also provide role-based access that lets you work securely with diverse work teams like your accountants and colleagues without any additional user fees. It utilizes advanced workflow management modules to maximize productivity levels of the workforce & streamline company processes. The collaborative client portal by Zoho Books stores all critical client-related information which is easily accessible at all times. Lets now delve deeper into a few aspects of Zoho Books to get a clear understanding of this multi-dimensional software. Mobility: A multi-dimensional cloud-based accounting platform- Zoho Books, is accessible on Mac, Windows, and Linux, and its mobile app is available in the play store and iTunes. Security: Security is a key issue, and Zoho Books ensures that extreme measures are taken to protect sensitive company data. It is secured using TLS 1.2 protocol encryption, 256-bit/128-bit keys, and SHA 256 certificates. Languages Supported: Zoho Books provides multilingual software that is available in all major international languages, such as Spanish, French, Italian, Chinese, and Dutch. Global Presence: A leader in the market, Zoho has a strong worldwide presence with functional offices in the USA, UK, Canada, China, Germany, France, Spain, Portugal, Japan, Italy, Sweden, Netherlands, India & Singapore. Market Reviews and Ratings: Zoho Books has got very high ratings and good reviews from a number of expert analysts and leading firms, thereby making it a popular choice amongst users. Playstore has given it a high 4.3 out of 5, whereas top ten reviews.com has given Zoho Books a high 9.6 out of 10, showcasing its dominance in the market. Pricing: Zoho Books is an extremely cost-effective financial software that will escalate your business efficacy to unprecedented heights! It also provides a free 14-day trial that allows users to familiarize themselves with the features of the software and implement it in their existing business. It has 3 different packages for US-based organizations, and for Indian organizations, it is Rs. 2499 a year inclusive of GST. Add-ons Bottom Line Fully customizable  Zoho Books allows you to integrate layers of functionality to support the most unique and diverse business models. So, if you want your GST-compliant invoices, financial reports, tax calculations, and tax returns all completed without any hassle, make sure to invest in Zoho Books  the best accounting software that will holistically cater to all your accounting requirements. Read More Read Less Zoho Books Resources Videos Webinars Brochures Gear up your business for KSA E-invoicing | Saudi Arabia edition Watch Now for free Introducing Audit Trail in Zoho Books Watch Now for free What businesses need to know to maintain tax compliance in the new year Watch Now for free Zoho Books Brochures Download Brochure Overall Zoho Books Reviews Thinking about using Zoho Books? Check out verified user reviews & ratings based on Zoho Books's features, user-friendliness, customer support, and other factors that contribute to its overall appeal. 4.6 /5 Based on 110 Reviews Write a Review Or Ask a Question Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Likelihood to recommend Out of 100% Zoho Books Pros and Cons Based on Customer Reviews "Zoho Books integrates well with other Zoho products, enhancing its functionality and ease of use." "It offers robust invoicing features, including recurring invoices, which are particularly beneficial for SaaS companies." "Zoho Books is user-friendly and simplifies financial management with its intuitive interface." "There are occasional issues with customizing invoices and managing receipt layouts." "The interface can be a bit complex to navigate for new users, requiring a learning curve." SoftwareSuggest reviews are authentic and verified. Here's how. Showing 3 out of 110 Reviews Atoba L. Cofounder & CEO 5.0 Aug 01, 2024 Used the software for : 1-2 years (Daily) Company Size : 1-10 employees Verified via Facebook. Verified Reviewer Best book keeping software for small startups We are using the free version of Zoho Books, and it's very helpful for keeping our company accounts tidy. The invoicing feature is nice, and the recurring invoice module is awesome since we are a SaaS platform. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Zoho Books After Sales Service Rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 What do you like best about Zoho Books? The recurring invoicing feature is very, very helpful for SaaS companies. What do you dislike about Zoho Books? Nothing much that I can think of. Zoho Books has everything that we need. Sometimes there are just too many features, and you get confused. What features is Zoho Books currently missing? Nope What other products like Zoho Books have you used or evaluated? CRM Useful 0 Share Sagar K. IN charge Admin 4.0 Aug 02, 2024 Used the software for : 1-2 years (Daily) Company Size : 11-50 employees Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer The reviewer either uploaded a screenshot or invoice of the last billing, confirming their status as a current user of the software. Verified User Zoho Books is an exceptional small business accounting service with a clean, professional look, a rich set of features, and flexibility. Zoho Books has transformed the way I manage my company's finances, making everything seamless and efficient. The ability to access the platform instantly via both the app and the web on my laptop is incredibly convenient. It has streamlined our processes and significantly improved our productivity. Highly recommended! Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Zoho Books After Sales Service Rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 What do you like best about Zoho Books? Zoho Books is an easy-to-use, GST-compliant accounting app that helps you keep track of your companys financial transactions. Send invoices, create bills, monitor expenses, reconcile bank statements, and collaborate. What do you dislike about Zoho Books? Customer support needs to improve. Also, some bundling of composite items needs to improve. What features is Zoho Books currently missing? no What other products like Zoho Books have you used or evaluated? quick books Useful 0 Share Swastik S. Finance Manager 5.0 Jun 05, 2024 Used the software for : Less than 6 months (Daily) Company Size : 11-50 employees Verified via linkedIn. Verified Reviewer The reviewer either uploaded a screenshot or invoice of the last billing, confirming their status as a current user of the software. Verified User Zoho Books has simplified the complex process of accounting Zoho Books has simplified the way our organization does accounting in recent times. We have had better transparency in our company's financials due to Zoho Books. All of our department heads are assigned the financial management of their respective departments, which has only been possible due to the smooth, easy-to-navigate, and understandable interface of Zoho Books. Zoho Books is a great financial accounting tool for any new business, as it is absolutely free to use, thanks to Zoho's intuitive workspace. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Zoho Books Mobile App Experience 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Zoho Books After Sales Service Rating 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 What do you like best about Zoho Books? Zoho Books is absolutely free to use, making it a great tool to begin with. It has a smooth interface for easy navigation and an intuitive dashboard to track all the financial features in a single place, like expenses, income, etc. What do you dislike about Zoho Books? We have been using Zoho Books for a while, and the only aspect we believe it can improve upon is introducing a separate Zoho Books community within its dashboard, which would let new users adapt more quickly due to constant support from the community. What features is Zoho Books currently missing? Zoho Books can surely introduce an automated expense/income tracking feature, which would be revolutionary as this could be a great feature who have constant updates of their expenses/incomes through e-mail, etc. What other products like Zoho Books have you used or evaluated? Vena Solutions, NetSuite ERP Useful 0 Share See All 110 Reviews Alternatives of Zoho Books Explore alternative software options that can fulfill similar requirements as Zoho Books. Evaluate their features, pricing, and user feedback to find the perfect fit for your needs. More Zoho Books Alternatives Zoho Books FAQs How much does Zoho Books cost? The starting price of Zoho Books is $ 10/Organisation/Month Billed Annually. It has different pricing plans: Standard : $ 10/Organisation/Month Billed Annually Professional : $ 21/Organisation/Month Billed Annually Premium : $ 42/Organisation/Month Billed Annually Elite : $ 69/Organisation/Month Billed Annually Ultimate : $ 111/Organisation/Month Billed Annually Free : $ 0/Organisation/Month Billed Annually Zoho Books also provides a free trial to users. What apps do Zoho Books integrate with? Zoho Books integrates with various apps: Paypal Razorpay Paytm Zapier Dropbox box Evernote Onedrive Gsuite entryless temponia Slack Twilio Office 365 What are the top 5 features for Zoho Books? The top 5 features for Zoho Books are: Accounting Banking Integration Barcode Integration Customer Management Email Integration What platforms does Zoho Books support? Zoho Books supports a variety of platforms including Android and IOS. What types of businesses does Zoho Books serve? Zoho Books serves a wide range of businesses, including but not limited to Freelancer, Startups & SMEs. How is Zoho Books commonly used? Zoho Books is commonly used for various purposes, such as Finance Management, Billing, Payment Management and more. Who are the primary competitors of Zoho Books? The three major competitors of Zoho Books are WolfePak, SMACC and SunSystems. Compare and evaluate their features, advantages, disadvantages, and other aspects to find the best option for your business. Most Popular Software Synder Write a Review FreshBooks 4.6 (58 reviews) Xero Accounting 4.7 (15 reviews) TaxCycle Write a Review Other Top Software Visit Website Free Trial Visit Website For Vendors Register Your Software Vendor Login Pricing Price Estimator Brand Building Services Write a Review Success Stories For Buyers All Categories Resources Blog Free Ebooks User Sign Up/ Sign In Write for Us About Company About Us Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Careers Brand Guidelines Get In Touch With Us support@softwaresuggest.com  2014 - 2025 SoftwareSuggest 