Zoho Books Reviews: Pricing & Software Features 2024 - Financesonline.com MENU SOFTWARE CATEGORIES FOR REMOTE WORK GET LISTED GET LISTED B2B Software Categories Accounting Software Billing Software ERP Software Appointment Scheduling Software Business Intelligence Software Collaboration Software Collaboration Tools Document Management Systems Enterprise Social Networking Software Online Community Platforms Productivity Suite Software Project Collaboration Tools Web Collaboration Tools Communications Software Video Conferencing Software Content Management Software CRM Software Customer Service Software Reviews Management Software Online CRM Software Social Media CRM Customer Support Software Live Chat Software File Sharing Software Help Desk Software Industry-Specific Help Desk Software Service Desk Software HR Management Software Learning Management Systems (LMS) Corporate LMS Software Talent Management System Project Management Software Agile Project Management Software Field Service Management Software - FSM Maintenance Management Software - CMMS Professional Services Automation Software - PSA Project Portfolio Management Software - PPM Task Management Software Time Tracking Software Visual Project Management Tools Shopping Cart Software Sales Tools Contact Management Software Inventory Management Software Lead Management Systems Sales Automation Software Sales Management Software Marketing Software Marketing Automation Software Email Marketing Software Mobile Marketing Software Search Marketing Software Binary Options Brokers Financial News SHOW ALL POPULAR CATEGORIES Home Accounting Software Zoho Books Why is FinancesOnline free Zoho Books Review Our score: 9.6 User satisfaction: 100% 5/5 (15 user reviews) 5/5 (15 user reviews) REVIEW USER REVIEWS PRICING DETAILS ZOHO BOOKS ALTERNATIVES INTEGRATIONS What is Zoho Books? Zoho Books benefits Overview of Zoho Books features What Problems Will Zoho Books Solve? Awards & quality certificates Zoho Books pricing User satisfaction Video Technical details Support details User reviews What is Zoho Books? Zoho Books is a smart accounting system designed for growing businesses. It is also the holder of our Great User Experience for 2019. Generally, it can be described as an intuitive accounting solution designed for small businesses to handle their finances and to remain on top of their cash flow. It is very simple, easy-to-use, and able to help you make intelligent, data-based decisions. It is also the pioneer accounting product of a reputed software provider, which eliminates all worries related to uptime, support, or security. With Zoho Books, you can send professional invoices to customers and begin receiving online payments from them all from a single platform. Its fast, powerful, and convenient, and helps regain control over the companys finances and save more in future. For the purpose, you can rely on features such as cash flow statements, P&L, Balance sheets, and many more. As it is small-biz and midmarket-friendly, Zoho Books is relatively painless to afford. Another thing that is really specific about Zoho Books is its smart design, with extreme attention to detail and a bundle of useful functions arranged in a way that doesnt disturb the users operations. The same as Zoho products in general, Books is a no-brainer to work with, and makes use of familiar navigation tools to help moving around when looking at screens full of information. Visual graphs and quick overviews of your financial data are always available on your Dashboard, while the rest of functionalities are assembled in the tabs of a vertical navigation toolbar. Show More Overview of Zoho Books Benefits Zoho Books streamlines all essential accounting tasks, and organizes all types of transactions on the same platform. With this system, you will always keep in line with the outstanding bills and invoices of your company, control your expenses to save money, and eliminate compliance worries. The first and most obvious benefit from this system is the possibility for clients to pay conveniently and without abandoning your website. Now, they can purchase products and services regardless of their location, while you get rid of boring and repetitive tasks. In this case, all of your recurrent bills, payment reminders and auto charges will be automated with minimal intervention. Another great thing is that Zoho Books facilitates managing the finances of individual projects, letting you schedule assignments and tasks as well as track and follow up activities via your smartphone or tablet. Zoho Books makes sure you will deliver all projects in time without necessarily making monitoring the leader of your priorities. Simply insert your sheets and client information in the system, and bill them to customers in a second. Why should you consider Zoho Books for your business? It belongs to the Zoho productivity suite Zoho is one of todays leading software providers with more than 13 million users from all around the world. Several products are available to help users manage their business activities, be those related to boosting sales or managing customers and finance. As they all belong to the same suite, these 25 applications will be available to you all from the same account. To make matters even better, Zoho Books is tightly integrated with Zoho Apps, which means it can solve more than your accounting challenges. To start with, it will help you obtain a full, holistic picture of your business health, and make smarter decisions in future. Automates Bank Feeds The distinctive advantage of Zoho Books is how it eliminates data entry, and allows you to import all bank and credit card transactions, and categorize those according to your banks rules. This possibility doesnt only save time, but makes sure youre working safely, and in line with all compliance standards. Automates Payment Reminders Thanks to Zoho Books, you can create personalized messages for customers to pay on time, and schedule their frequency in a way you believe would be suitable. Helps engage customers Unlike most financial management systems, Zoho Books is packed with collaboration features, and makes sure users will feel involved in the payment process. To start with, you will enable them to access their estimates and invoices, and make direct payments using the robust online client portal. Another handy possibility for your clients is to accept/decline their estimates, and to comment on them. Sends and tracks invoices Zoho Books will also cater to your needs to collect prepayments and retainers, depending on how much time or work youve provided to your customers. You are perfectly allowed to pull off invoices for each estimate, record your offline payments, or even associate those to selected projects and invoices. The same as with regular payments, you will be able to run detailed reports on all sent retainers. It is integrated with Stripe to facilitate reconciliation Zoho Books integration with Stripe helps reconcile each type of transaction, looking at the full picture of how money are moving in and out of the clearing account, and which processing fees are going to apply for it. It manages and tracks your projects For any of your projects, you can log in and enter the time you spent completing it, so that Zoho Books would record the expenses incurred for it, and invoice clients about it. This saves the admin loads of useful time, as operations are assigned as they as should  to employees in charge, and contractors. It is well-integrated Zoho Books comes with robust and RESTful API that expose it to third-party systems, which means that with a little of developers help, you can expand the functionality from your own platform. The fact that these APIs are REST-based means that creative owners can develop and test their own applications. Eliminates obstacles between sales and accounting departments Thanks to the fact that Zoho Books is integrated with Zoho CRM, you can also use it to follow the credit statuses of your customers, create new orders, access product pricing information, and much more. Efficiently manages stocks and inventory Another helpful feature that is not that typical for accounting systems is inventory management, which helps you stay in control of orders and stocks in real time. Creating and sending purchase orders takes almost no time, and inventory reports are generated automatically to ensure you will know exactly what there is in your stock. Automates workflows and saves time Adjusting settings in Zoho Books, you can modify your workflow rules, and automate notifications youd receive each time an estimate is created or a field is updated. The same alerts will be sent on your app using Webhooks. It is fully responsive and mobile-ready Zoho Books is perfect for all teams, as diverse as they may be. You get to use dedicated apps on your Windows, Mac, iOS, and Android devices to manage finances wherever you are. Operates in multiple languages Alongside English, you get to use Zoho Books in German, Spanish, French, Italian, Dutch, Portuguese, Swedish, Chinese, Brazilian, and Japanese. Show More Overview of Zoho Books Features Contact Management Project Time Tracking Online Payments Invoices Inventory Management Invoice Templates Expenses Automatic Bank Feeds Mobile Apps Purchase Order Collaborative Client Portal Exhaustive Reports Sales Order Accounting Tax What Problems Will Zoho Books Solve? Bridge the gap between your CRM and accounting systems Businesses that have a siloed view of their sales and accounting have difficulty with productivity and scalability. Sales people armed with financial insights, credit history of customers and access to product pricing information could sell smarter and better. And that is exactly what you get with the tight integration between Zoho CRM and Zoho Books; you bridge the gap between both your systems and bring about efficiency in the way you do your business. Give just the right amount of access with user roles Its quite common for business owners to delegate different business functions to different people. For example, letting staff create invoices for daily transactions. But not every business owner would want to provide unrestricted access to the entire application for all staff. Limiting access would also be a hindrance. With this feature, you can create custom roles that are flexible so that your salesperson need not have access to your finances. Get in-depth insights Most accounting solutions require an accountant or accounting knowledge to measure, analyze financial metrics (Balance Sheet, P&L and Cash flow) and clarity on pending activities. But not in the case of Zoho Books. For a quick and real-time view of the health of your business, a glance at the dashboard would suffice. Run detailed reports in seconds and get in-depth insights to scale your business manifold. Awards & Quality Certificates Zoho Books Position In Our Categories Because companies have unique business-related wants, it is only reasonable they steer clear of purchasing an all-encompassing, perfect software solution. Just the same, it is troublesome to stumble on such application even among well-known software solutions. The correct thing to undertake would be to note down the varied chief functions which demand careful thought such as crucial features, pricing, skill capability of staff members, business size, etc. Then, you should do the research to a full extent. Have a look at these Zoho Books reviews and look over each of the solutions in your list in detail. Such all-encompassing research can make sure you keep away from poorly fit apps and subscribe to the system which offers all the function your company requires. How Much Does Zoho Books Cost? Zoho Books Pricing Plans: Free Trial Free Plan $0 Standard Plan $20/organization/month Professional Plan $50/organization/month Premium Plan $70/organization/month Show More What are Zoho Books pricing details? Zoho Books Pricing Plans: Free Trial Free Plan $0 Standard Plan $20/organization/month Professional Plan $50/organization/month Premium Plan $70/organization/month Zoho Books offers three pricing plans. There is also a great 14-free trail that lets you try out the software to see if it actually fits the requirements of your business. You can sign up for Zoho Books free trial here. Free Plan  $0/month, for businesses with turnover <50K USD per annum 1 User + 1 Accountant Manage Clients Manage Invoices (Up to 1,000) Client Portal Online/Offline Payments Automate Payment Reminders Multi-lingual Invoicing Credit Notes Recurring Invoices Expenses & Mileage Tracking Add Multiple Bank and Credit Card Accounts Import Bank and Credit Card Statements Bank Rules & Reconciliation Chart of Accounts & Sub-accounts Manual Journals Reports Invoice Customization Taxes Payment Gateways Integrations  Zoho Apps & Other Apps Support  Email Standard Plan  $20/organization per month or $180/organization per year 50 Contacts 2 Users (1 user + 1 Accountant) 5 Automated Workflows Bank Reconciliation Custom Invoices Expense Tracking Projects and Timesheets Recurring Transactions Sales Approval Professional Plan  $50/organization per month or $480/organization per year 500 Contacts 3 Users (2 users + 1 Accountant) 10 Automated Workflows/Module All Basic features, plus: Bills Vendor Credits Reporting Tags Purchase Approval Premium Plan  $70/organization per month or $720/organization per year Unlimited Contacts 10 Users 10 Automated Workflows/Module All Standard features, plus: Purchase Order Sales Order Inventory Custom Domain Add-ons Add a user  $3/month or $30/year Auto-scans  Buy 50 scans/month for $10/month or $96/year User Satisfaction Positive Social Media Mentions 133 Negative Social Media Mentions 0 We realize that when you make a decision to buy a Accounting Software its crucial not only to see how professionals score it in their reviews, but also to check if the actual users and businesses that purchased it are genuinely content with the product. Because of that need weve designer our behavior-based Customer Satisfaction Algorithm that collects customer reviews, comments and Zoho Books reviews across a vast range of social media sites. The information is then displayed in an easy to digest way revealing how many customers had positive and negative experience with Zoho Books. With that information at your disposal you will be prepared to make an informed purchasing decision that you wont regret. Video Technical details Devices Supported Windows Android iPhone/iPad Mac Web-based Deployment Cloud Hosted Language Support English Pricing Model Monthly payment Annual Subscription Customer Types Small Business Large Enterprises Medium Business Freelancers What Support Does This Vendor Offer? email phone live support training tickets What integrations are available for Zoho Books? Payment Gateways PayPal 2Checkout Braintree Paypal Payflow Pro PayPal Payments Pro Stripe Authorize.net Forte Worldpay Zoho Apps Zoho CRM Zoho Expense Zoho Subscriptions Zoho Projects Zoho Docs POS Apps Square Tax track1099 tax1099.com Avalara Document Management Apps Dropbox Google Drive box Evernote OneDrive Bills & Expenses App Entryless Time Tracking App Temponia Zoho Books User Reviews Zoho Books average rating: 5/5 (15 user reviews) 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Write your own review of this product ADD A REVIEW The most favorable review Dallas Average score 5/5 PROS: We like how much automated credit card charging integration. Lots of functionality compared to Freshbooks. Just recently, Freshbooks is doing away with PayPal's Payflow. Zoho is just one of the very few platforms in maintaining such Payflow integration. CONS: We were hoping Zoho Books would have some kind of pixel tracking for e-mails. That way, we get to tell whenever somebody looked into the invoice we sent them. Freshbooks and other platforms have had this for quite some time now. I hope Zoho Books would include this in the near future. Reviewed 8 years ago Read full review > The least favorable review Michael D'Amato Verified user Average score 4/5 PROS: Before I proceed, I want to disclose my relationship to Zoho Books. I am a Certified Advisor. However, my unbiased opinion is backed up by my certifications with Quickbooks, Xero, Freshbooks and an advisor for Wave. They are all great products and what sets Zoho Books apart from the others is the integration to over 40 applications within the Zoho family of applications. I have experienced enterprise ERP's and Zoho is an ERP for SMB's. Customization and automation turns any Zoho application including Zoho Books into an enterprise solution. CONS: No solution on the market is perfect and aspects any software can be problematic if it does not do what you need it to do which can be an endless amount of tasks. It is more important to me that there is a workaround or another way to do the complex process I need it to solve. It would not be fair for me to say anything negative about any of the solutions above. Reviewed 4 years ago Read full review > More reviews from 15 actual users: Sort by: Latest Latest Most useful Most positive Most negative Free trial is misleading Read full review > Anonymous Reviewer Verified user 4/5 Overall impression 2/5 Customer Support 2/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 07.01.2022 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Computer Software PROS: Features, but beware if taking out a trial that some of the features are only available in the premium edition and you won't know which features those are until you start your subscription CONS: I recently took out a trial of zoho books. I had a look at the features and they looked very good. I had been using QBO previously. I verified that all the functionality that I needed was explicitly mentioned in the pricing plan and I subscribed to the professional edition. After placing my subscription, I went to use one of the features that was available during the trial and discovered it was not there. I dropped an email to support and they came back and said the feature I wanted to use (multi transaction series) was only available in the premium edition! That's another C$10 per month. Nowhere is it mentioned on their website that multi transaction series is only available in premium edition. I now begin to wonder, what other features were paraded in the trial that are only available in premium and yet not explicitly stated? I think this is a very misleading way of doing business. I replied back to the support saying that there is no mention on the website that multi transaction series is only available in the premium edition. I have still not heard back from them. Very disappointed. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Zoho makes things easier for you. Read full review > Marco Verified user 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 16.10.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Not available PROS: I've been making use of Zoho for creating invoices and tracking payments for a few companies. Everything is so easy! These days, I have more room to make an invoice and sending it to a registered client within the system. I currently own a template consisting my banking details as well as the address of the client for shipping. CONS: It appears the system is a bit stiff in some ways. Whenever I mark an invoice "as sent," it wouldn't let me make changes or give me a reason to explain. Also, any template changes take a bit of time to do. In addition, utilizing Zoho for companies in Europe that requires a progressive invoice number can be difficult at first. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Show More User Reviews (15) Highly recommended accounting platform! Read full review > Tasha 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 07.10.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Computer Software PROS: We're able to report the hours by means of a calendar. User-friendly GUI. Great reporting system. We get to open reporting hours straight to the Zoho Sheet. CONS: Exporting stuff to excel. Such functionality does have all columns within the exported file. There will be times when configurations need to be made whenver an excel file is being exported. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Its worth using, simple to deploy, and has everything you need  far better than QuickBooks! Read full review > Dexter Verified user 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 19.09.2021 Company Size: 11-50 Employees Industry: Computer Software PROS: I find it easy to utilize. It's also user-friendly. It's so structured that anyone can learn it within a few hours. Once you get the hang of it, it's a cinch to navigate and use. It's been a few years since I've used this. So far, I've yet to reach out for professional help. The guys from Zoho does a great job updating the software. Best of all, it hasn't broken down on me! CONS: It's difficult to find something I hate with the software. For the past few years, it hasn't let me down. I'm really happy with the way things turned out. The one thing that this app should include in its arsenal is white labelling. I like to get my logo at the top part instead of the typical Zoho label so it can mesh with the identity of my organization. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Ideal for startups or any business looking to expand. Read full review > Evelyn Verified user 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 05.09.2021 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Not available PROS: It can be used by more than user and comes with multiple currencies. Navigating is simple to do. It has a lot of basic integrations. It has a great UI for editing templates (for both documents and email). Their bank feeds are exceptional. Zoho Books is super fast and lets you do your search quickly. Accessing Zoho Books can be done through the CRM, which is a big help for invoicing clients. CONS: Import and export functions weren't that great. It has zero support in terms of UK VAT returns. The reason why I wanted to do the importing is because I needed to migrate several years of data from another accounting platform I've used previously. I dislike not having the ability to update my records in bulk. I hope more development will be made in this area. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Zoho Books is slowly becoming a force for SMBs Read full review > Michael D'Amato Verified user 4/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 17.08.2021 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Accounting PROS: Before I proceed, I want to disclose my relationship to Zoho Books. I am a Certified Advisor. However, my unbiased opinion is backed up by my certifications with Quickbooks, Xero, Freshbooks and an advisor for Wave. They are all great products and what sets Zoho Books apart from the others is the integration to over 40 applications within the Zoho family of applications. I have experienced enterprise ERP's and Zoho is an ERP for SMB's. Customization and automation turns any Zoho application including Zoho Books into an enterprise solution. CONS: No solution on the market is perfect and aspects any software can be problematic if it does not do what you need it to do which can be an endless amount of tasks. It is more important to me that there is a workaround or another way to do the complex process I need it to solve. It would not be fair for me to say anything negative about any of the solutions above. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Preferable to Quickbooks Read full review > Amber 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 03.06.2021 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Marketing and Advertising PROS: I like that Zoho Books integrates easily with the Zoho suite of applications which means I dont need to rekey contact info. I can send invoices to clients with an embedded payment link, and when they pay I get a notification and the receivables is updated. I have to pay discount points to PayPal, but the money is worth it. Zoho Books is easy to use if you know accounting basics. I can easily run reports and schedule them for automatic generation. Plus, the system automatically sends out reminder emails for past due receivables which means you dont have to worry about aging receivables. In short, Zoho Books is easy to use, affordable, and fits my requirements. CONS: A couple of features could be added to make Zoho Books better. First is budgeting feature. The user forums have been predicting the addition for a few years, but the promise has not been fulfilled and no specific time table has been provided for its addition. Second, when I create an invoice in Zoho CRM it should automatically map over to an invoice in Zoho Books. But this does not happen, which is another element that needs to be added. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Appreciate the automatic credit card charging integrations Read full review > Bryan 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 01.04.2021 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Management Consulting PROS: I love that Zoho Books offers a number of automatic credit card charging integrations. It provides more features compared to Freshbooks. Freshbooks has abolished its PayPal Payflow, but Zoho Books is continuing to maintain this integration. It is important for us as we need it. CONS: The only thing Zoho Books lacks is pixel tracking of emails which informs us when someone reviews an invoice. This feature is offered by most other systems, and we request Zoho Books to add it soon. What do you think about this review? Great Poor I work anytime and anywhere with this worry-free solution! Read full review > Calvin Verified user 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 01.04.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Not available PROS: This is a great solution. Setup is easy to follow through. It lets the CEO or co-founder to do some account management. The intelligence and data aspects are a big benefit. Zoho makes it very simple for GST compliance. Invoice is customizable and comes with payment gateway integration. Apps are useful. Pricing is really worth going for! CONS: I'm saddened that they're missing one key functionality: digital signature for the generated invoices. It would've been a plus if they had that. I hope they can include that soon since I find it very useful. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Small businesses will find this platform intuitive. Read full review > Melissa 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 04.03.2021 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Information Technology and Services PROS: Zoho CRM integration is a bonus with tihs. Excellent feel in terms of its UI. No need to hire an accountant as this platform is easy to use. A big like to its reporting capabilities. CONS: There are still some bugs in the system. For instance, not all contacts made would show. And there's no option for you to re-make them. Zero options for contacts numbering between 50 to 100. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Fortunately, its not something related to Quickbooks. Read full review > Traci 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 05.02.2021 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Marketing and Advertising PROS: It offers integration with other Zoho apps. That's good news since contact details won't need to be entered all over again. I'm able to send invoices to clients through e-mail. The e-mail will include e-payment as well. CONS: Zoho Books is suffering from one glaring issue. It lacks the budgeting capability that any business would find a necessity. Such basic functionality should've already been addressed since it came out. The "On the Books" forums is functionality that's on its way but without an actual timetable. What do you think about this review? Great Poor A software of tremendous value. Read full review > Corey 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 19.01.2018 Company Size: 11-50 Employees Industry: Internet PROS: Easy accessiblity. That means data can be seen whenever and wherever. Just make sure you have a broadband connection. Support is highly responsive. CONS: Certain functionality are half-baked. Expect some improvements to be made in the long run. What do you think about this review? Great Poor A perfect and simple thing to utilize! Read full review > Marjorie 4/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 17.01.2018 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Computer Software PROS: Super simple to use. No need to hire an accountant for accounting tasks. A majority of your work can now be automated. Its banking functionality makes it flexibile for handling more than one banking account. CONS: Nothing big at the moment. Certain small functionaly required didn't overly affect my business in a negative light. It auto deducts client credit from its upcoming generated invoice. It automates the remaining balance of the current invoice and includes that to the next invoice. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Its so easy for recurring credit card invoices. Read full review > Dallas 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 15.01.2018 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Management Consulting PROS: We like how much automated credit card charging integration. Lots of functionality compared to Freshbooks. Just recently, Freshbooks is doing away with PayPal's Payflow. Zoho is just one of the very few platforms in maintaining such Payflow integration. CONS: We were hoping Zoho Books would have some kind of pixel tracking for e-mails. That way, we get to tell whenever somebody looked into the invoice we sent them. Freshbooks and other platforms have had this for quite some time now. I hope Zoho Books would include this in the near future. What do you think about this review? Great Poor A nice suite that does great things for my company. Read full review > Justin 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 02.01.2018 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Banking PROS: Configuration is really easy to do. Reasonable price point. Super quick implementation. Showcases financial information that people can actually understand. CONS: At times, the currency conversion isn't as precise as I'd like it to be. Whenever funds are moved from a dollar account to local currency, the differences are noticeable. Form customizations needs to be simpler. More platforms should be integrated with Zoho CRM. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Join a community of 7,369 SaaS experts Thank you for the time you take to leave a quick review of this software. Our community and review base is constantly developing because of experts like you, who are willing to share their experience and knowledge with others to help them make more informed buying decisions. Sign in with LinkedIn Why we require LinkedIn? Show the community that you're an actual user. We will only show your name and profile image in your review. You can still post your review anonymously. OR Sign in with company email Sign in with company email Please use a business email address. We don't accept personal emails like gmail, yahoo, etc. Sign In Useful Zoho Books Resources 12 Best Zoho Products in 2024: Reviews of the Most Popular Services Review of the Most Useful Features & Tools In Popular Zoho Products 20 Best Accounting Software for Small Business in 2024 7 Best Accounting Software for Medium Sized Businesses in 2024 Top 10 Alternatives to FreshBooks: Popular Accounting Software Solutions Popular Zoho Books Alternatives Product name: Our Score: Patriot Software Accounting Review: Pricing & Software Features 2025 9.1 PayEm Review: Pricing & Software Features 2025 8.5 Zoho Subscriptions Review: Pricing & Software Features 2025 8.4 Gincore Review: Pricing & Software Features 2025 8.0 Pelrio Review: Pricing & Software Features 2025 8.0 Top Competitors To Zoho Books By Price Product name: Price: Discover the latest pricing plans for Nordkap By quote Discover the latest pricing plans for ALTO Exchange by quote Discover the latest pricing plans for FreshBooks $21 Discover the latest pricing plans for Zoho Subscriptions $49 Discover the latest pricing plans for StockMarketEye $99.95 Trending Accounting Software Reviews Product name: Score: Satisfaction: What do users think about Zoho Subscriptions 8.4 96% What do users think about PayEm 8.5 97% What do users think about AllinCloud Prys Accounting 8.0 93% What do users think about TRAVERSE 6.2 94% What do users think about Sage 50cloud Accounts 9.6 N/A Zoho Books Comparisons Product name: Who should you choose Zoho Books or NetSuite ERP Who should you choose Zoho Books or QuickBooks Enterprise Who should you choose Zoho Books or FinancialForce Accounting Who should you choose Zoho Books or SutiExpense Who should you choose Zoho Books or ClearBooks Accounting Who should you choose Zoho Books or Hubble Who should you choose Zoho Books or QuickBooks Who should you choose Zoho Books or SignOnDoc Who should you choose Zoho Books or MYOB Business Who should you choose Zoho Books or SelfieSign Zoho Books user reviews Free trial is misleading Read full review > Anonymous Reviewer Verified user 4/5 Overall impression 2/5 Customer Support 2/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 07.01.2022 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Computer Software Zoho makes things easier for you. Read full review > Marco Verified user 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 16.10.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Not available Highly recommended accounting platform! Read full review > Tasha 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 07.10.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Computer Software Its worth using, simple to deploy, and has everything you need  far better than QuickBooks! Read full review > Dexter Verified user 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 19.09.2021 Company Size: 11-50 Employees Industry: Computer Software Ideal for startups or any business looking to expand. Read full review > Evelyn Verified user 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 05.09.2021 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Not available By Louie Andre B2B & SaaS market analyst and senior writer for FinancesOnline. He is most interested in project management solutions, believing all businesses are a work in progress. From pitch deck to exit strategy, he is no stranger to project business hiccups and essentials. He has been involved in a few internet startups including a digital route planner for a triple A affiliate. His advice to vendors and users alike? "Think of benefits, not features." Page last modified 2025-05-06 Award Winner Did you find this review useful? Yes No Thank you for your feedback How can we make this page better? SHARE YOUR COMMENT TOP Why is FinancesOnline free? FinancesOnline is available for free for all business professionals interested in an efficient way to find top-notch SaaS solutions. We are able to keep our service free of charge thanks to cooperation with some of the vendors, who are willing to pay us for traffic and sales opportunities provided by our website. Please note, that FinancesOnline lists all vendors, were not limited only to the ones that pay us, and all software providers have an equal opportunity to get featured in our rankings and comparisons, win awards, gather user reviews, all in our effort to give you reliable advice that will enable you to make well-informed purchase decisions. 10 shares Share 10 Tweet Share Finances Online EU Office: 1 Agios Georgios Street, 7600 , Athienou, Larnaca, Cyprus US Office: 120 St James Ave Floor 6, Boston, MA 02116 GET LISTED Company About Us Contact Us Add Your Product Careers Research Center Research Team Policies Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Scoring Methodology Do not sell my personal information Content Write For Us For Small Business Top Software Software reviews Software comparisons Software alternatives Copyright  2025 FinancesOnline. All B2B Directory Rights Reserved.