Zoho Books Reviews 2025: Pros & Cons and Ratings - Techjockey Categories Brands Industry Compare Ask Question Blog Get Free Advice India USA UAE Business Software Accounting Software Zoho Books Zoho Books Reviews Zoho Books by : Zoho Corporation All Ratings Pros & Cons Editorial Review User Reviews Get Now Zoho Books By : Zoho Corporation 4.5 ( 58 reviews ) Write a Review Get Quote All Ratings Pros & Cons Editorial Review Video Reviews User Reviews Alternatives Zoho Books Reviews & Ratings Check out Zoho Books reviews by verified users. Discover what businesses are saying about Zoho Books on Techjockey. Have recommended this product Overall Score 4.5 /5 Based on 58 Reviews Features 4.5 /5 Value for Money 4.5 /5 Ease of Use 4.5 /5 Customer Support 4.5 /5 We love to hear from our buyers! If you have used the solution already, why not share your thoughts and help others make the right purchase. Add Review Zoho Books Pros and Cons Pros The simplicity and seamless and offers perfect integration capabilities which makes it my go to choice Bharat Kankariya - Jul 4, 2024 Zoho Books saves me time and energy by automating report generation and operational decisions. Nandini - Jul 4, 2024 I liked that Zoho Books connected to my accounts and was included in my Zoho One subscription until it stopped working. Pramod Baghel - Jul 2, 2024 Cons There's nothing I dislike. It works well and is good value for money Bharat Kankariya - Jul 4, 2024 The support team needs improvement and should include more professionals. Nandini - Jul 4, 2024 Handling business expense reports can be time-consuming, especially with multiple entities. The data extraction and report formats need improvement. Divya Khandelwal - Jul 3, 2024 Editorial Review for Zoho Books Editorial Review Content 1. What Is Zoho Books? 2. Who Can Use Zoho Books? 3. Popular Features of Zoho Books 4. How Much Does Zoho Books Cost? 5. Pros & Cons of Zoho Books 6. Zoho Books Support 7. Zoho Books System Requirements/ Technical Specifications 8. Zoho Books Alternative & Competitors Reviewed by SK Sundresh Kumar Accountant, E-commerce Software user since: 2+ years Zoho Books is a full-fledged accounting solution meant for small and mid-scale businesses. It assists them in tracking the expenses of their business, sending invoices, and accepting online payments. Apart from that, it also helps automate several tasks like data entry which results in saving time so that you can concentrate on maximizing profits. What Is Zoho Books? Zoho Books is a one-stop solution to manage all your accounting tasks as well as organize your transactions. It offers a secure and centralized location to store all your company's invoices and bills, control spending, reconcile bank statements, eliminate any GST compliance-related issues, oversee projects, and more. Being GST-compliant, it takes care of your end-to-end accounting and allows you to manage and run every aspect of your business. Who Can Use Zoho Books? Zoho Books caters to different kinds of businesses that include: Small Businesses: As an owner of a small business, you need to manage your business plans, design marketing strategies, strengthen your customer engagement, manage cash, etc. Therefore, Zoho Books assists you in recording and analyzing financial information in a detailed manner. Mid-Market Businesses: Zoho Books also helps mid-market businesses to manage their multiple branches and numerous transactions on a daily basis. Apart from that, it helps with scalability, automation, and collaboration. It also assists in creating financial records for your organization and storing them in the cloud in real time. With Zoho Books, businesses can get connected visibility across different departments, while giving you strong control over your operations. Popular Features of Zoho Books Invoicing: Zoho Books helps businesses generate professional-looking GST-compliant invoices with their company logo. Customer Portal: Using the customer portal, you can share your recent transactions, capture feedback as well as let your customers pay in bulk. Bills: Provides advanced billing and invoicing management modules to its users, allowing them to send customized bills to their vendors for due payment. Sales Orders: Using the sales order module, confirm all your sales before the final shipment, keep the team updated, avoid delivery errors, and more. GST: Using this online GST software, stay compliant and updated. It enables you to manage all your finances and file online GST online from a single platform. Audit Trail: This enables your business to keep track of every financial activity and maintain a detailed log to prevent any fraud and keep your data secured. Reporting: Provides 50+ customizable reports to cover all the payables, receivable amounts, and inventory items. This is to convert data into meaningful information. Documents: Enables you to keep all your documents in a centralized location as well as attach them to transactions. It has an in-built auto-scan option that extracts all the vital information from scanned documents and instantly creates sales/purchase orders, bills, invoices, etc. Mobile: Offers a dedicated mobile app to manage finances, track inventories, access documents, etc. all from anywhere, on the go. Estimates: Allows you to create on-the-spot estimates, add contact details, prices, item details, etc. and send quotes to your clients. Expenses: Provides a single platform to its users within which they can keep track of their whole business outlay, track expenses, categorize them, as well as bill them to clients. Banking: Users can manage multiple bank accounts. Also, the software is compatible with various online payment gateways like PayPal. This allows you to fetch bank transactions and reconcile all accounts. Inventory: Zoho Books provides complete inventory management which involves monitoring stock levels, managing orders, tracking batches, stock expiry, and more. Purchase Orders: Allows you to effortlessly generate purchase orders. It maintains a detailed sales history and helps you convert purchases into bills. Vendor Portal: Offers a dedicated vendor portal, enabling the vendors to view and access their own transactions and manage all their invoices. How Much Does Zoho Books Cost? Zoho Books offers six different plans to its users, each comprising distinct features specific to different business needs and priced differently. Plans Pricing Free Rs 0/ month Standard Rs 749/ month Professional Rs 1,499/ month Premium Rs 2,999/ month Elite Rs 4,999/ month Ultimate Rs 7,999/ month Zoho Books Free Plan: The Free plan of Zoho Books is an entry-level offering that is suitable for businesses with revenue less than 25 Lakhs/annum. It offers 1 GSTIN, Zoho app integration, and email-based customer support. Moreover, it offers some other basic features like a customer portal, sales/purchase orders, reports, e-way bills, automatic payment reminders, recurring invoices, an audit trail, and more. Zoho Books Paid Plans: Apart from the Free plan, Zoho Books offers 5 different paid plans to its users, namely Standard, Professional, Premium, Elite, and Ultimate. Users have the option to select from any of these plans as per their business requirements. Some of the most common features offered in the paid plans include integration with Uber, Zendesk , Zoho People, Zoho Projects, email/voice-based customer support, invoicing, project invoices, reporting tags, custom reports, and more. Pros & Cons of Zoho Books User-friendly and intuitive UI Multiple users in paid plans 24X7 Customer Support (weekdays) Multiple expenses/sales form types Customizable reports Availability of free plan Robust mobile app online project management app Limited payroll integration and syncing. Its limited to certain areas like Texas, California, etc. Advanced features are only available in premium plans Language options to connect with clients in different countries are limited Zoho Books Support Zoho Books offers 24-hour unlimited support, 5 days a week via email or by using the built-in live chat options, or over the phone via a toll-free number. It also offers support via different options that can be found on the website. Theres help documentation, blogs, FAQs, migration guides, business guides, videos, forums, and more which adds extra weight to the overall support structure of Zoho Books. Zoho Books System Requirements/ Technical Specifications Zoho Books, being a cloud-based platform, can be accessed over the web anytime, anywhere. It also supports multiple integrations and can be customized as per your business needs. It can run smoothly on both desktop as well as mobile platforms. Desktop platforms: Web Applications, Windows, MacOS, Linux, and more. Mobile platforms: Android & iOS Zoho Books Alternative & Competitors The top competitors of Zoho Books include FreshBooks and QuickBooks and hence we have compared all three of them in terms of starting price, free trial, expense tracking, customer support, and more. The comparison here, is as follows: Features Zoho Books FreshBooks Starting Price Rs.749/month, per organization Rs. 563/month, per organization Free Trial 14 days 30 Days Expense Tracking Yes Yes Inventory Management Yes No Mileage Tracking Yes Yes Customer Support Phone, live chat, email support, website resources support Phone, live chat, email support, help center, and knowledge base. Techjockeys Verdict Zoho Books, as a cloud-based accounting solution, gives you access to a variety of tools for managing your company's financial records. Hence, if you're tired of performing recurring tasks manually, we recommend giving Zoho Books' accounting platform a try. It comes with key features like a customer portal, vendor portal, audit trail, analytics & reporting, and more to assist you with the overall accounting functions of your organization. You will benefit from its low per-user charge and time-saving options because of automation and user customization. Besides that, Zoho Books outperforms in customer service, with real-time phone and email support, live chat, etc. Read More Zoho Books Video Reviews Zoho Books Review 4.5 Review by: SoftwarePundit Zoho Books Review | Best Online Accounting Software Reviews 4.3 Review by: Best Reviews Zoho Books Review is there some untold truth about this software 4.3 Review by: Digital Accountant Zoho Books User Reviews ( 55 ) Sort By : Most helpful Most Recent Highest rating Lowest rating AG Ananya Gupta Verified reviewer: Product Manager, Arts and Crafts 2-100 Employees Software user since: < 6 months Reviewed on: Aug 8, 2023 5 /5 Effective, Reliable & Smooth Functionality Pros : Zoho Books is a remarkable software for bookkeeping purposes, alongside integrating it with payment gateways and sending customized invoices. We are able to manage projects with detailed information, which smoothens the understanding of cash position of the organisation. Cons : Storage concerns are there in the software, with only 1 GB of storage for one user. The interface could still be better for more productivity; for instance when we edit the client information - we are always taken to a new page. The user-experience can be improved. Switched from : other-product-name Reason to switch : The importing of files was a big challenge, especially if one was not aware of what to look out for in errors. Also, some of the important functions were advanced and required extra payment. Features 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Ease of Use 5/5 Likely to Recommend 10/10 GS Gurpreet Singh Verified reviewer: Freelancer, Banking 101-500 Employees Software user since: < 6 months Reviewed on: Aug 17, 2023 5 /5 Easy integrations whenever required on Zoho Books Pros : I love the fact that we can integrate Zoho Books into 40+ apps to control different aspects of the business. This makes it an all-in-one high-performance software. Not to forget, how GST filing and compliance are made precise and simple through easy actionable steps Cons : The software integrations might come with overhead costs, but still if it is smoothening the business processes, it's worth the money! Switched from : other-product-name Reason to switch : The customer service and TAT were not matching the expectations," Features 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Ease of Use 5/5 Likely to Recommend 10/10 MG Mehak Garg Verified reviewer: Product Manager, Marketing and Advertising Individual Software user since: < 6 months Reviewed on: Aug 17, 2023 5 /5 Convenient to use and do taxation Pros : The GST invoicing and return filing functionalities are available in Zoho Books. The automation features save time otherwise spent on creating recurring invoices amongst other routine actions. Moreover, the software keeps the company's financial health in check - and in this way contributes to business decision-making. Cons : Payroll services are missing, and create a dependency on another software. Switched from : other-product-name Reason to switch : We needed inventory tracking in the accounting software. On finding out that Zoho Books has option/capabilities for backorders, composite items, multi-warehouse management, etc, we made the purchase decision. Features 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Ease of Use 5/5 Likely to Recommend 10/10 AA Arpitha Anand Verified reviewer: Project Manager, Market Research 2-100 Employees Software user since: < 6 months Reviewed on: Aug 17, 2023 5 /5 Extensive features alongside accounting workflows Pros : It is a versatile software that makes all the accounting operations happen systematically. To start with, we can configure our personal settings and import the existing data to expedite the data collation process in every module. Cons : For greater integration requirements this software has limitations, as doing so might incur additional costs. In my opinion that won't be a good idea to overspend! Switched from : other-product-name Reason to switch : Needed a more focussed software to meet the accounting requirements. Features 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Ease of Use 5/5 Likely to Recommend 10/10 AC Anurag Chhetri Verified reviewer: Product Manager, Apparel & Fashion 2-100 Employees Software user since: < 6 months Reviewed on: Aug 21, 2023 5 /5 Provides in-depth insight into accounting tasks Pros : Zoho Books is a web-based software that gives enormous insights into accounting workflows. It notifies timely of the change in tax rates change and is good for GST billing and accounts upkeep. Cons : Lacks payroll feature which is part of an accountant's job, but it can be integrated with other software which incurs further cost. Not sure if it's a good fit if you require payroll services too. Switched from : other-product-name Reason to switch : FreshBooks had inventory limitations till 5 clients, that was the sole reason for me. ZohoBooks allows unlimited inventory managment. Features 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Ease of Use 5/5 Likely to Recommend 10/10 AS Anshita Sharma Verified reviewer: Project Manager, Entertainment 2-100 Employees Software user since: 6-12 months Reviewed on: Aug 8, 2023 5 /5 Cost-effective and user-friendly software! Pros : An insightful software that is 100% GST compliant and gives updates on tax rate changes. All information is available for the accounting related workflows, hence proving to be a value-driven resource for small organisations. Cons : The user-restrictions up to 10 could make it less suitable for bigger organisations. That is where it goes expensive in comparison to its competitiors. Switched from : other-product-name Reason to switch : Working with 3rd party add-ons was troublesome on Acumatica, which made us switch to Zoho Books. Features 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Ease of Use 5/5 Likely to Recommend 10/10 YV Yamini Vijay Verified reviewer: Manager, Marketing and Advertising 2-100 Employees Software user since: < 6 months Reviewed on: Aug 21, 2023 5 /5 Secure Software for Accounting Functions Pros : Zoho Books has IP restrictions in place which ensure the safety and security of data. It also has two-factor authentication and SSL for added security. Data can be used by registered users only. Cons : ZohoBooks primarily focuses on sales tax calculation. It lacks proper tools for the calculation of business tax and quarterly tax! Switched from : other-product-name Reason to switch : There was a challenge while customizing reports and its subscription price kept changing over time. Features 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Ease of Use 5/5 Likely to Recommend 10/10 AK anil kumar Verified reviewer: Founder, Accounting 501-1000 Employees Software user since: 6-12 months Reviewed on: Sep 6, 2023 5 /5 Suitable GST accounting software that works on automation. Pros : Automation in ZohoBooks allows the creation of a set of rules for modules according to which appropriate actions are performed. It's convenient to use and keeps track of the activities! Cons : It's mobile app does not have a friendly UI as much as the desktop version has. More work needs to be done on the mobile app. Switched from : ABM Accounting Reason to switch : The product wasn't working as per the expectations. The customer support was absent, and it felt pointless spending time there." Features 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Ease of Use 5/5 Likely to Recommend 10/10 SJ Shreni Jain Verified reviewer: Product Manager, Apparel & Fashion 2-100 Employees Software user since: 6-12 months Reviewed on: Aug 21, 2023 5 /5 Best software for small businesses Pros : Small businesses should use Zoho Books to keep their accounting operations in proper check. It leads to setting a good customer experience overall. Cons : The accounting data can be a little complex for adminstrators and enterpreneurs to understand, since it's more accountant-savvy! Switched from : other-product-name Reason to switch : Some features were outdated and the UI was not impressive enough, for instance - the look of the customer statement. These were the few concerns. Also had heard about Zoho Books a lot so wanted to experience it. Features 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Ease of Use 5/5 Likely to Recommend 10/10 N nidhi Verified reviewer: Co-founder, Apparel & Fashion 501-1000 Employees Software user since: 1-2 years Reviewed on: Sep 6, 2023 5 /5 Insightful & detailed taxation functions in ZohoBooks Pros : The best thing about ZohoBooks is that it is GST-compliant which makes it suitable for office accounting necessities. It's a web-based software that ensures that all the data history is saved and secure given its high-end security. Cons : None Switched from : Kuber Accounting Reason to switch : It lacks the features for tracking expenses and giving detailed reports." Features 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Ease of Use 5/5 Likely to Recommend 10/10 See More Reviews Popular Software Reviews Busy Accounting Software Reviews TallyPrime Reviews LedgerX Reviews Busy Saffron Reviews Marg ERP 9+ Reviews Ezy Rokad () Reviews Popular Category Reviews GST Software Reviews Expense Management Software Reviews Income Tax Software Reviews Accounts Receivable Software Reviews Similar Products Sponsored Busy Accounting Software Accounting Software ( 25 reviews ) Starting at  4,999 Key Features Tax Management Statutory Compliances Inventory Management Alerts & Notifications Collection Management View 53 more Request Callback Add to compare TallyPrime Accounting Software ( 114 reviews ) Starting at  750 Key Features Trial Balance Preparation Cash Flow Management Inventory Management Product Management Tax Management View 57 more Request Callback Add to compare LedgerX Accounting Software ( 1 reviews ) Price On Request Key Features Payroll Management Sales Management Product Management Customer Management Stock Management View 55 more Request Callback Add to compare Busy Saffron Accounting Software ( 10 reviews ) Starting Price  3,499 View Plans Key Features Financial Statement Generation & Analysis Retail Management Asset Management Facility Management Payment Tracking View 71 more Buy Now Add to compare Marg ERP 9+ Accounting Software ( 44 reviews ) Starting Price  9,999 /Year View Plans Key Features Purchase Management Stock Management Barcode Scanning Time & Expenses Management Accounts Receivable View 58 more Get Quote Add to compare LedgerFlo Accounting Software Starting Price  2,999 /Year View Plans Key Features Warehouse Management Payroll Management Branch Management Sales Management Distribution Management View 55 more Get Quote Add to compare GBooks Accounting Software Price On Request Key Features Warehouse Management Payroll Management Branch Management Sales Management Product Management View 54 more Request Callback Add to compare Stock And Account Book Accounting Software Starting Price  7,999 /Year View Plans Key Features Warehouse Management Sales Management Customer Management Stock Management Barcode Scanning View 57 more Get Quote Add to compare Sage Intacct Accounting Software Price On Request Key Features Payroll Management Tax Management Asset Management Payment Processing Order Management View 56 more Request Callback Add to compare Ezy Rokad () Accounting Software ( 9 reviews ) Starting Price  9,999 /Lifetime View Plans Key Features Customer Management Stock Management Barcode Scanning Payment Processing Production Management View 55 more Get Quote Add to compare See all Zoho Books Alternatives 20,000+ Software Listed Best Price Guaranteed Free Expert Consultation 2M+ Happy Customers Popular Categories Stock Market Software Retail Billing Software Astrology Software Plagiarism Checker Pharmacy Software HR Software Accounting Software Payment Gateway Data Recovery Software Video Editing Software About Techjockey About us Careers Press Blog Contact Us Hot Deals For Businesses Advertise With Us Write with us Sell With Us Editorial Policy Download Techjockey Partner App Lets Get Social Subscribe for Offers Subscribe Cancellation and Refund | Terms of use | Privacy Help & Support | Support@techjockey.com