ERPNext: Pricing, Features, and Integration in 2025 Categories  Write a Review Add a Product Login  User Login Vendor Login Request A Call Back Home ... ERP Software Erpnext ERPNext This profile is claimed by Frapp Technologies Pvt. Ltd but has limited features. Do you work at Frapp Technologies Pvt. Ltd? Upgrade your plan to access the full benefits of SoftwareSuggest, and collect more reviews through marketing campaigns. 4.5 /5 Based on 11 Reviews Write a Review Write a Review Free Demo Get Pricing Free Demo Get Pricing Product Information Features Pricing User Reviews Alternative What is ERPNext? ERPNext is a critical foundation of your business, and we believe that you should have the freedom and control over your ERP software. This means that you have the choice to select your hosting provider or host it on your own. ERPNext is one of the open ERPs available in the market. Pricing ERPNext Starting Price  0/ Free forever View Detailed Pricing Awards Our Awards and Recognition More Awards Get Best Quote for ERPNext Connect with SoftwareSuggest experts to get the best quote for your business. + Annual Turnover * Less than 10 crore 10 crore - 29 crore 30 crore - 49 crore 50 crore - 74 crore 75 crore - 99 crore 100 crore - 299 crore 300 crore - 499 crore 500 crore and above By submitting, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Request A Call Back Thank you for the enquiry. One of our software analysts will contact you in next 1 hour. Key Features of ERPNext Here are the powerful features that make ERPNext stand out from the competition. Packed with innovative tools and advanced functionalities, this software offers a range of benefits. Accounting Hr And Payroll Sales And Purchase CRM Project Management Inventory Management Manufacturing Asset Management Website E Commerce Helpdesk Quality Management Healthcare Education Non Profit Agriculture Retail Hospitality Energy Fleet Management Show More ERPNext Screenshots View More ERPNext Pricing Here are the pricing plans for ERPNext. Choose the plan that best fits your requirements and budget. Get Detailed ERPNext pricing as per your requirements. Open Source  0 Free forever All Features Get Offer Cloud  820 Site/Month All Features Managed Hosting Get Offer Enterprise  85,000 Site/Month Up to 50 Users All Features Managed Hosting Product Warranty Functional Support Success Manager Large DB support Get Offer The pricing information for ERPNext is sourced either directly from the software provider or publicly available materials. To get the most accurate and up-to-date costs, we advise reaching out to the vendor. The pricing information was last updated on 28th December 2025. Free Trial is available ERPNext Specifications Get a closer look at the technical specifications and system requirements for ERPNext. Find out if it's compatible with your operating system and other software. Company Details : Company Name : Frapp Technologies Pvt. Ltd Headquarter : Mumbai Full Address : Frappe Technologies Pvt. Ltd D/324 Neelkanth Business Park, Vidyavihar West, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400086 India Overview Provided by : Jai Chavan ERPNext Categories on SoftwareSuggest : Accounting Software ERP Software Inventory Management Software Supply Chain Management Software Any Industry Software Hotel Management Software Show More Mobile Platforms : iOS ERPNext App Language Support : English Business : StartUps SMBs Enterprises Available Support : Email Phone Training Tickets ERPNext Comparisons Compare ERPNext with other similar options available in ERP Software. Explore the key differences to see why it's the top choice for businesses and individuals. ERPNext Stimes ERP VS ERPNext Clear Enterprise VS ERPNext CampusCare VS ERPNext FirstBit ERP Contracting & Construction VS ERPNext N41 Apparel ERP VS ERPNext StarShip VS ERPNext Lift VS ERPNext Maginus OMS VS ERPNext Everest VS ERPNext TRADEPAQ VS ERPNext SABP VS ERPNext Ramco ERP VS ERPNext JOBSCOPE VS ERPNext Flectra VS ERPNext AlignBooks VS ERPNext Tick Software VS ERPNext QuoteCAD Manufacturing VS ERPNext JobTrack VS ERPNext Incluziv ERP VS ERPNext MYFiO ERP VS ERPNext K9ERP VS View more ERPNext comparisons ERPNext Description Here's the comprehensive description of ERPNext. Gain a brief understanding of its unique features and exceptional benefits. After being certified awesome by Gartner multiple times, ERPNext is one of the best Open Source Cloud ERP that can manage the growing needs of any business, be it SMB or an Enterprise. Check our free trial and experience it yourself. Is this for my business? 1. Manufacturing ERPNext was originally built for a manufacturing setup. ERPNext allows you to setup multi-level Bill of Materials. Plan your materials and production based on your BOMs and get accurate profitability analytics. ERPNext also allows you to manage other functions in your organization like Sales, Purchase, Billing, Order Tracking and also generates your Website. 2. Distributors ERPNext is ideal for distributors. You can track your inventory accurately across multiple warehouses and retail outlets with our open erp software. Keep track of serialized inventory for high value items and manage warranties, service plans, customer issues and much more. 3. Retailers ERPNext will help you manage your multiple retail outlets like a champ. With ERPNext web based Point-of-Sale transactions, all your retails outlets can be integrated in one application. With advanced features like serialized inventory, multiple currencies and others, ERPNext an open erp works great for retailers. 4. Services Providers ERPNext an open erp helps you stay on top of your team and customers. With ERPNext, your service organization can manage billing and accounts, projects and task, time logging, customer support, customer portal, website and a lot more in one platform. ERPNext has many small tools for managing your team like Leave Application, Expense Claims and more that will save you a lot of time and sweat. 5. What Modules / Apps does ERPNext (an open erp) have? ERPNext has a large number of built-in modules (or apps) to help you manage your business on one platform: Financial Accounting Inventory Management Manufacturing Management Sales and CRM Purchasing or Supply Chain Management Human Resource Management (HRM) Customer Support and Maintenance Projects and Time Tracking Website Builder Read More Read Less ERPNext Resources Videos Overall ERPNext Reviews Thinking about using ERPNext? Check out verified user reviews & ratings based on ERPNext's features, user-friendliness, customer support, and other factors that contribute to its overall appeal. 4.5 /5 Based on 11 Reviews Write a Review Or Ask a Question Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Likelihood to recommend Out of 100% ERPNext Pros and Cons Based on Customer Reviews "The system is actively supported and maintained, ensuring users have access to updates and assistance when needed." "ERPNext offers a user-friendly interface that makes it easy for businesses to navigate and use." "The software is highly customizable without requiring any coding skills, allowing businesses to tailor it to their specific needs." "Being open-source, ERPNext eliminates licensing costs, making it a cost-effective solution for small and medium-sized businesses." "The setup for roles and permission management can be complex, potentially requiring more time to configure properly." "ERPNext may not be the best fit for large enterprises due to its focus on small and medium-sized businesses." "Organizations that oppose open-source software might find ERPNext unsuitable for their needs." SoftwareSuggest reviews are authentic and verified. Here's how. Showing 3 out of 11 Reviews Mohammed N. 4.0 Nov 16, 2021 Used the software for : 2+ years Company Size : 51-200 employee Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic Awesome Features of ERPNext ERPNext is an excellent example of software that can assist a business in organizing and managing the work of its various departments. ERPNext is a web-based, open-source system for small and medium-sized organizations. It can help with accounting, project and task management, sales, purchases, inventory, CRM, administration, human resource management, manufacturing, and even website management. This system is easy to use, powerful, and loaded with features. It enables businesses to run effectively and connect with one another by utilizing the advantages of a single unified solution. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 What do you like best about ERPNext? Simple and easy-to-use interface. Open-source ERP software with no licensing costs required. Customization is simple and requires no coding. Simple to configure according to business needs. Simplified reporting system. Well-maintained and actively supported. What do you dislike about ERPNext? Big enterprises are not recommended. The software is not suitable for anti-free software organizations. Still a newcomer to the market and has yet to earn the trust of businesses. Customized versions have upgrade issues. Complex setup for roles and permission management. The documentation can be further improved. Do you think ERPNext delivers value for the money spent? Yes Are you satisfied with ERPNext features? Yes Did implimentation of ERPNext was easy? Yes Useful 0 Share Amit K. 3.0 Jul 09, 2020 Used the software for : 1-2 years Company Size : 51-200 employee Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic ERPNext has been a game-changer for our business. Its user-friendly interface and comprehensive features have streamlined our operations, saving us time and boosting productivity. Highly recommend it! Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 Useful 0 Share Shveta 5.0 Jul 17, 2018 Used the software for : 6-12 months Company Size : 501-1000 employees Verified via Business email. Verified Reviewer This review is written without any compensation or invitation from SoftwareSuggest, vendor, or affiliate. Review Source: Organic Best Erpnext Software It's good to use the software for large organizations, which can be quite difficult to manage. Feature Out of 5 Ease of use Out of 5 Value for money Out of 5 Customer support Out of 5 What do you like best about ERPNext? Easy to use. What do you dislike about ERPNext? Sure, please provide the text you would like me to review. Useful 0 Share See All 11 Reviews Alternatives of ERPNext Explore alternative software options that can fulfill similar requirements as ERPNext. Evaluate their features, pricing, and user feedback to find the perfect fit for your needs. More ERPNext Alternatives ERPNext FAQs How much does ERPNext cost? The starting price of ERPNext is $ 0/Free forever. It has different pricing plans: Open Source : $ 0/Free forever Cloud : $ 11/Site/Month Enterprise : $ 1181/Site/Month ERPNext also provides a free trial to users. What apps do ERPNext integrate with? ERPNext integrates with various apps: Slack What are the top 5 features for ERPNext? The top 5 features for ERPNext are: Accounting Audit Trail Budgeting CRM Customer Management What platforms does ERPNext support? ERPNext supports a variety of platforms including Android and IOS. What types of businesses does ERPNext serve? ERPNext serves a wide range of businesses, including but not limited to Startups, SMBs & Enterprises. How is ERPNext commonly used? ERPNext is commonly used for various purposes, such as ERP, Supply Chain Management, Any Industry and more. Who are the primary competitors of ERPNext? The three major competitors of ERPNext are BASSnet Fleet Management Systems, Rootstock and PROLITUS. Compare and evaluate their features, advantages, disadvantages, and other aspects to find the best option for your business. Most Popular Software TallyPrime 4.6 (399 reviews) MocDoc HIMS 4.8 (204 reviews) Vyapar 4.7 (124 reviews) Oracle NetSuite ERP 4.8 (86 reviews) Other Top Software Free Demo Get Pricing Free Demo For Vendors Register Your Software Vendor Login Pricing Price Estimator Brand Building Services Write a Review Success Stories For Buyers All Categories Resources Blog Free Ebooks User Sign Up/ Sign In Write for Us About Company About Us Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Careers Brand Guidelines Get In Touch With Us support@softwaresuggest.com  2014 - 2025 SoftwareSuggest 