ERPGulf Reviews: Pricing & Software Features 2024 - Financesonline.com MENU SOFTWARE CATEGORIES FOR REMOTE WORK GET LISTED GET LISTED B2B Software Categories Accounting Software Billing Software ERP Software Appointment Scheduling Software Business Intelligence Software Collaboration Software Collaboration Tools Document Management Systems Enterprise Social Networking Software Online Community Platforms Productivity Suite Software Project Collaboration Tools Web Collaboration Tools Communications Software Video Conferencing Software Content Management Software CRM Software Customer Service Software Reviews Management Software Online CRM Software Social Media CRM Customer Support Software Live Chat Software File Sharing Software Help Desk Software Industry-Specific Help Desk Software Service Desk Software HR Management Software Learning Management Systems (LMS) Corporate LMS Software Talent Management System Project Management Software Agile Project Management Software Field Service Management Software - FSM Maintenance Management Software - CMMS Professional Services Automation Software - PSA Project Portfolio Management Software - PPM Task Management Software Time Tracking Software Visual Project Management Tools Shopping Cart Software Sales Tools Contact Management Software Inventory Management Software Lead Management Systems Sales Automation Software Sales Management Software Marketing Software Marketing Automation Software Email Marketing Software Mobile Marketing Software Search Marketing Software Binary Options Brokers Financial News SHOW ALL POPULAR CATEGORIES Home ERP Software ERPGulf Why is FinancesOnline free ERPGulf Review Our score: 8.5 User satisfaction: 100% 4.3/5 (8 user reviews) 4.3/5 (8 user reviews) REVIEW USER REVIEWS PRICING DETAILS ERPGULF ALTERNATIVES INTEGRATIONS What is ERPGulf? ERPGulf benefits Overview of ERPGulf features What Problems Will ERPGulf Solve? Awards & quality certificates ERPGulf pricing User satisfaction Video Technical details Support details User reviews What is ERPGulf? ERPNext (ERPGulf) is a regionally hosted ERP solution for companies operating in the Gulf region to address their specific business needs and requirements. The ERP tool can be customized in accordance with the laws, regulations, and procedures implemented across the Gulf region. This covers immigrant employment and VISA policies, wages protection standards, travel and accommodation requirements, and GCC VAT regulations. ERPNext offers various tools that are all packed into a single ERP and CRM system. It has CRM capabilities like sending targeted email marketing campaigns, capturing and assigning leads from different channels, and monitoring your sales pipeline in real-time. With its manufacturing ERP system, youll be able to get full visibility and control over shop floor management, materials consumption, and production capacity planning. The ERP solution streamlines the process of purchasing, depreciating, selling, and reporting assets. You can also plan, monitor, analyze, and collaborate on projects in one place. ERPNext provides accounting features as well. Youll be able to track financial KPIs in customizable accounting dashboards, build print-ready billing templates, automatically send recurring invoices, and view financial reports and transactions in different currencies. ERPNext makes it easy for you to handle employee hiring, training, attendance, leave, and payroll. Show More Overview of ERPGulf Benefits Manufacturing Visibility & Control ERPNext gives you full visibility and control over your manufacturing processes. For instance, its manufacturing ERP system collects all information about your shop floor and aggregates them in a single window. You can monitor shop floor activities, job assignments, workstations, and work order statuses in real-time. The system also lets you handle all aspects of material resource planning. You can calculate materials inventory using various units of measurements, track the manufacturing, consumption, and expiration of serialized or batched inventory items, and plan work capacity for production depending on the availability of resources. Customer-Focused CRM Using ERPNexts customer-focused CRM tool, youll be able to manage prospects, sales processes and pipelines, and marketing campaigns efficiently. This tool allows you to instantly generate leads from interactions across various channels, like calls and emails, and capture all the prospect details you need. Moreover, you can send eye-catching email newsletter campaigns to targeted groups of prospects and customers. The CRM tool also provides ready-to-use reports that aid you and your sales teams to track and analyze essential data. This includes lead traffic, prospects journeys, and sales team performance. Streamlined Project Management The ERP solution streamlines project planning, collaboration, and reporting. You can divide projects into smaller tasks, set milestones, timelines, and priorities for your projects, and automatically send project tasks to team members own to-do lists. You can chat with your team members in real-time as well to communicate and collaborate regarding various aspects and details of the projects. ERPNExt permits you to obtain accurate and up-to-date insights into project profitability. Youll have the ability to compare actual project expenses against planned and allocated budgets and monitor project work times and billings. Flexible Financial Management ERPNext provides you with a flexible way of handling your companys finances. It comes with an accounting system that captures and organizes transactions, expenses, and financial reports in multiple currencies. The accounting system also enables you to track and analyze financial data in different dimensions using customizable dashboards. You can evaluate revenues, expenses, receivables, and payables in real-time without switching between multiple windows. Show More Overview of ERPGulf Features Regionally Hosted ERP & CRM System Special Customization Regulation-wise Updates Manufacturing ERP Customer-Centric CRM Sales & Purchases Project Management Accounting Asset Lifecycle Management Human Resource Management Customer Support Tool Website Development What Problems Will ERPGulf Solve? Most companies, subscribed to implemented other EPR and CRM systems face difficulties in the areas of labor laws, Wage protections system, Visa rules, etc in the region. ERPGulf already considering and regularly updating the regulation changes and updating in the system. Also, ERPGulf is the only ERP system hosted in the regional data centers. There are rules in some counties restricting financial data from being hosted outside. Also, regional hosting makes system connectivity more faster and stable. Awards & Quality Certificates ERPGulf Position In Our Categories Bearing in mind businesses have particular business needs, it is wise that they abstain from choosing a one-size-fits-all, perfect business program. Still, it is futile to chance on such an app even among sought-after software products. The practical step to undertake is to write down the various major functions that need consideration including important features, plans, skill capability of staff, organizational size, etc. Next, you must conduct the product research systematically. Read these ERPGulf review articles and explore the other software solutions in your list in detail. Such comprehensive research ensure you avoid ill-fitting applications and buy the one that meets all the features your business requires for success. Position of ERPGulf in our main categories: TOP 200 ERPGulf is one of the top 200 Accounting Software products Each organization has different requirements and needs a system that can be customized for their size, kind of employees and buyers, and the specific industry they are in. For these reasons, no platform can proffer perfect functionality off-the-shelf. When you try to find a software system, first be sure what you want it for. Read some ERPGulf ERP Software reviews and ask yourself do you want basic features or do you require sophisticated functionality? Are there any industry-specific functionalities that you are looking for? Get the answers to these queries to aid your search. There are lots of aspects that you need to reflect on and these include your finances, specific business wants, your company size, integration requirements etc. Take your time, try out a few free trials, and finally choose the app that provides all that you need to boost your firm competence and productivity. How Much Does ERPGulf Cost? ERPGulf Pricing Plans: Free Trial Open Source Free Managed Hosting $10/site/month Enterprise $25/user/month Show More What are ERPGulf pricing details? ERPGulf Pricing Plans: Free Trial Open Source Free Managed Hosting $10/site/month Enterprise $25/user/month ERPNext provides Gulf companies and businesses three plans to choose from, including an enterprise pricing plan that gives you professional support directly from the ERPNext operator. Here are the details of each plan: Open Source  $0 A free and open-source ERPNext hosted on your environment Manufacturing Accounting HRMS & Payroll Projects Sales & Purchases CRM SaaS Helpdesk Asset Management Website Builder Managed Hosting  starts $10/site/month A cloud-hosted ERPNext for teams All modules in Open Source Plan, Plus: Regular Security Updates Hosting Server Monitoring Optional product warranty & support Enterprise  starts at $25/user/month All modules in Open Source Plan, Plus: Get technical support from ERPNext software vendor All modules and benefits in Managed Hosting Plan, Plus: Product Warranty & Support On-Premise Hosting Custom Onboarding User Satisfaction Positive Social Media Mentions 15 Negative Social Media Mentions 0 We realize that when you decide to get a ERP Software its crucial not only to find out how professionals rank it in their reviews, but also to check if the real clients and businesses that use this software are actually content with the product. Thats why weve created our behavior-based Customer Satisfaction Algorithm that collects customer reviews, comments and ERPGulf reviews across a broad array of social media sites. The data is then displayed in an easy to understand form revealing how many customers had positive and negative experience with ERPGulf. With that information available you will be prepared to make an informed business choice that you wont regret. Video Technical details Devices Supported Windows Linux Android iPhone/iPad Mac Web-based Deployment Cloud Hosted On Premise Language Support English Pricing Model Annual Subscription Customer Types Small Business Medium Business Freelancers What Support Does This Vendor Offer? email phone live support training tickets What integrations are available for ERPGulf? ERPNext integrates with the following systems and applications: Google Shopify Dropbox Razorpay Stripe PayPal 3CX Slack Rafeeq Talabat Snoon Delivery Q-Pay Speedcash ERPGulf User Reviews ERPGulf average rating: 4.3/5 (8 user reviews) 4/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Write your own review of this product ADD A REVIEW The most favorable review Anonymous Reviewer Verified user Average score 5/5 PROS: - 100% open source & FREE - 10000s of downloads - Highly customizable without writing code - On-premise or cloud or self hosted option - Feature rich, works out of the box - Clean and modern - Secure, Simple and Fast CONS: - Fresh features are released every quarter - Fast paced developments - Could use LTS versioning and maintenance - Foundation in early stage Reviewed 8 years ago Read full review > The least favorable review Ambrose Average score 4/5 PROS: It is very good for start-up companies as it is absolutely free. Despite this, it still offers excellent functions such as accounting modules, sales, purchase, etc. It also has a straightforward design which makes using it relatively simple. CONS: I hope they could fix some of the bugs. Reviewed 5 years ago Read full review > More reviews from 8 actual users: Sort by: Latest Latest Most useful Most positive Most negative Promising system, perfect for businesses Read full review > Rahul 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 3/5 Value for Money 3/5 Ease of Use Published on: 22.11.2021 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Computer & Network Security PROS: ERPNext was able to cover everything I need for my business to grow. CONS: It will be more efficient if the POS can work offline. What do you think about this review? Great Poor An opensource tool that will give you everything you need Read full review > Jillian Verified user 4/5 Overall impression 3/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 04.10.2021 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: N/A PROS: ERPNext gave us many things to be happy about. It allowed us to backup our database locally. It also gave us flexible deployment and great customization tools. Furthermore, the customer service is exquisite. CONS: The system can be limiting. Some features, when we first tested it, were not present as advertised. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Show More User Reviews (8) A very lovely system to integrate into your company Read full review > Eleonore 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 3/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 02.07.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Information Technology and Services PROS: The performance of the system is great considering that it is an opensource ERP. It also offers infinite possibilities in UI and has an organized screen. But the best part will probably be its support community as they are very accomodating. CONS: Fixing the bugs will help greatly as it can hinder our work at times, What do you think about this review? Great Poor Recommended for its ease of use Read full review > Charlotte 4/5 Overall impression 3/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 07.06.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: N/A PROS: I am a beginner at programming and I was able to navigate the system in an instant. It is also customizable. CONS: I hope they can add more tools so we can accomplish more tasks. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Superb ERP for your business Read full review > Henry 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 3/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 29.05.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Information Technology and Services PROS: As this is an open-source system, it is suitable for any business. It is also easy to use and offers great flexibility based on your business needs. CONS: The support system needs a bit of improvement. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Startup companies will greatly benefit from this Read full review > Ambrose 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 3/5 Ease of Use Published on: 08.05.2021 Company Size: 11-50 Employees Industry: N/A PROS: It is very good for start-up companies as it is absolutely free. Despite this, it still offers excellent functions such as accounting modules, sales, purchase, etc. It also has a straightforward design which makes using it relatively simple. CONS: I hope they could fix some of the bugs. What do you think about this review? Great Poor I am pleased with how easy it is to use ERPNext Read full review > Marcella 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 31.01.2020 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: N/A PROS: ERPNext has a good support system. It is backed by a community who will truly help you. To add to this, it is free; it is easy to use, and it allows customization. CONS: Documentation, especially the frappe framework, should be improved. New features should also be added to keep up to date with other systems. What do you think about this review? Great Poor What does a modern ERP look like? The answer is in this review. Read full review > Anonymous Reviewer Verified user 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 02.03.2018 Company Size: N/A Industry: N/A PROS: - 100% open source & FREE - 10000s of downloads - Highly customizable without writing code - On-premise or cloud or self hosted option - Feature rich, works out of the box - Clean and modern - Secure, Simple and Fast CONS: - Fresh features are released every quarter - Fast paced developments - Could use LTS versioning and maintenance - Foundation in early stage What do you think about this review? Great Poor Join a community of 7,369 SaaS experts Thank you for the time you take to leave a quick review of this software. Our community and review base is constantly developing because of experts like you, who are willing to share their experience and knowledge with others to help them make more informed buying decisions. Sign in with LinkedIn Why we require LinkedIn? Show the community that you're an actual user. We will only show your name and profile image in your review. You can still post your review anonymously. OR Sign in with company email Sign in with company email Please use a business email address. We don't accept personal emails like gmail, yahoo, etc. Sign In Popular ERPGulf Alternatives Product name: Our Score: Odoo Review: Pricing & Software Features 2025 9.0 FileMaker Pro Review: Pricing & Software Features 2025 8.4 iNECTA Food Review: Pricing & Software Features 2025 8.0 webERP Review: Pricing & Software Features 2025 7.7 Blue Link ERP Review: Pricing & Software Features 2025 7.6 Top Competitors To ERPGulf By Price Product name: Price: Learn more about 2025 pricing plans for Infor VISUAL by quote Learn more about 2025 pricing plans for Avaniko By quote Learn more about 2025 pricing plans for Acumatica by quote Learn more about 2025 pricing plans for Dolibarr By quote Learn more about 2025 pricing plans for Composity $26.40 Trending ERP Software Reviews Product name: Score: Satisfaction: What do users think about ERPGulf 8.5 98% What do users think about Sage Business Cloud Enterprise Management 9.1 92% What do users think about BizAutomation Cloud ERP 8.0 88% What do users think about Awery Aviation ERP 8.2 100% What do users think about MetaPro 8.5 96% ERPGulf Comparisons Product name: Compare ERPGulf vs MobilityeCommerce 2025 Compare ERPGulf vs RouteMagic 2025 Compare ERPGulf vs E2 Manufacturing System 2025 Compare ERPGulf vs Oracle ERP Cloud 2025 Compare ERPGulf vs MIE Trak Pro 2025 Compare ERPGulf vs metasfresh 2025 Compare ERPGulf vs iStaff Systems 2025 Compare ERPGulf vs BlueCherry 2025 Compare ERPGulf vs BizAutomation Cloud ERP 2025 Compare ERPGulf vs Atlas ERP 2025 ERPGulf user reviews Promising system, perfect for businesses Read full review > Rahul 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 3/5 Value for Money 3/5 Ease of Use Published on: 22.11.2021 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Computer & Network Security An opensource tool that will give you everything you need Read full review > Jillian Verified user 4/5 Overall impression 3/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 04.10.2021 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: N/A A very lovely system to integrate into your company Read full review > Eleonore 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 3/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 02.07.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Information Technology and Services Recommended for its ease of use Read full review > Charlotte 4/5 Overall impression 3/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 07.06.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: N/A Superb ERP for your business Read full review > Henry 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 3/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 29.05.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Information Technology and Services By Louie Andre B2B & SaaS market analyst and senior writer for FinancesOnline. He is most interested in project management solutions, believing all businesses are a work in progress. From pitch deck to exit strategy, he is no stranger to project business hiccups and essentials. He has been involved in a few internet startups including a digital route planner for a triple A affiliate. His advice to vendors and users alike? "Think of benefits, not features." Page last modified 2025-07-04 Top ERP Software of 2025 1. 2. 3. COMPARE BEST TOOLS Did you find this review useful? Yes No Thank you for your feedback How can we make this page better? SHARE YOUR COMMENT Unsure about this software? FIND ALTERNATIVES TOP Why is FinancesOnline free? FinancesOnline is available for free for all business professionals interested in an efficient way to find top-notch SaaS solutions. We are able to keep our service free of charge thanks to cooperation with some of the vendors, who are willing to pay us for traffic and sales opportunities provided by our website. Please note, that FinancesOnline lists all vendors, were not limited only to the ones that pay us, and all software providers have an equal opportunity to get featured in our rankings and comparisons, win awards, gather user reviews, all in our effort to give you reliable advice that will enable you to make well-informed purchase decisions. Share Tweet Share Finances Online EU Office: 1 Agios Georgios Street, 7600 , Athienou, Larnaca, Cyprus US Office: 120 St James Ave Floor 6, Boston, MA 02116 GET LISTED Company About Us Contact Us Add Your Product Careers Research Center Research Team Policies Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Scoring Methodology Do not sell my personal information Content Write For Us For Small Business Top Software Software reviews Software comparisons Software alternatives Copyright  2025 FinancesOnline. All B2B Directory Rights Reserved.