Quickbooks Online Customer Reviews 2025 | Accounting - Small Business Skip to main content Search Search tips Search for products, categories, or vendors. Try keywords like 'management', 'Microsoft', or 'CRM' Search for " " by hitting enter , or see suggested results. Cancel Write a Review Categories Compare About Us For Vendors More Browse Reports Research What We Do Log in Log in Open search Toggle navigation Write a Review Home > Accounting - Small Business > Quickbooks Online > Intuit Quickbooks Online Composite Score 8.3 /10 CX Score 8.4 /10 122 Reviews Write a Review Get Demo In Partnership With SelectHub Claim Software Category Accounting - Small Business Accounting - Midmarket Overview Awards Ratings Product Content Reviews (122) Comparisons Previous Next Download Scorecard Quickbooks Online 8.3 /10 Accounting - Small Business Accounting - Midmarket What is Quickbooks Online? Freedom to work across all your devices. Access QuickBooks from PC, Mac, smartphone, and tablet. Company Details Quickbooks Online X/Twitter Quickbooks Online LinkedIn Quickbooks Online Website Book a Free Demo Today! See it in action with a free demo. Click below to sign up on our partner's website. Get Demo In Partnership With SelectHub Awards & Recognition Quickbooks Online won the following awards in the Accounting - Small Business category Filter By Choose award year All Years 2024 2023 Choose award type All Award Types Data Quadrant Emotional Footprint Emotional Footprint Secondary Feature / Capability 1 Top Rated Capabilities 0 Top Rated Features 2024 2023 Data Quadrant Champion 2023 Quickbooks Online Ratings Real user data aggregated to summarize the product performance and customer experience. Download the entire Product Scorecard to access more information on Quickbooks Online. Product scores listed below represent current data. This may be different from data contained in reports and awards, which express data as of their publication date. 84 Likeliness to Recommend 1 Since last award 91 Plan to Renew 1 Since last award 78 Satisfaction of Cost Relative to Value 1 Since last award {y} {content} {name} Emotional Footprint Overview Product scores listed below represent current data. This may be different from data contained in reports and awards, which express data as of their publication date. +78 Net Emotional Footprint The emotional sentiment held by end users of the software based on their experience with the vendor. Responses are captured on an eight-point scale. How to read this rating How much do users love Quickbooks Online? 5% Negative 9% Neutral 86% Positive Pros Reliable Enables Productivity Trustworthy Client Friendly Policies How to read the Emotional Footprint The Net Emotional Footprint measures high-level user sentiment towards particular product offerings. It aggregates emotional response ratings for various dimensions of the vendor-client relationship and product effectiveness, creating a powerful indicator of overall user feeling toward the vendor and product. While purchasing decisions shouldn't be based on emotion, it's valuable to know what kind of emotional response the vendor you're considering elicits from their users. % Positive - % Negative = Emotional Footprint -4 -3 -2 -1 Negative +1 Neutral +2 +3 +4 Positive Feature Ratings Average rating of all product features, some of which may not be shown below Average 80 Accounts Receivable Invoicing Record of claims for payment for goods or services provided. Usually includes a customer invoicing capability Avg. 83 86 General Ledger Chart of Accounts The general ledger contains the organizations accounts for recording assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. Avg. 84 85 Expense Management Includes all aspects of expense forms design, completion, submission, limits and compliance, and reporting. Avg. 80 84 Reconciliation Functionality that ensures that two sets of records (usually the balances of two accounts) are in agreement. Avg. 81 83 Accounts Payable Purchase Orders Record of debts owing for an organization. Sometimes includes a purchase order capability Avg. 82 83 Cost Revenue Tracking The process of recording, classifying, analyzing, summarizing, and allocating costs associated with a process Avg. 80 83 Project Accounting Ability to track, report and analyse financial results and implications at an individual project level Avg. 79 81 Cash Flow Management Includes income and expense tracking, as well as cash flow monitoring. Avg. 79 80 Dashboards, Analytics and Reporting Includes historical & real-time dashboard visualizations, detailed & summary reporting, forecasting & easy data extraction for data analysis. Avg. 79 79 Integration APIs Ability of the software to interface with legacy and other third party applications. Avg. 78 78 Budgeting Forecasting Functionality allowing users to create and maintain budgets and develop forecasts, what-if scenarios, etc Avg. 80 77 Vendor Capability Ratings Average rating of all vendor capabilities, some of which may not be shown below Average 78 Ease of Implementation Successfully implementing new software is necessary to realize its full value and promote end user adoption. This data indicates whether or not the product is easy to implement. Avg. 82 83 Usability and Intuitiveness End user learning curves cost the organization money. Pay attention to your end users' technical ability to determine how important UX is in your purchase. Avg. 81 83 Business Value Created Software needs to create value for employees, customers, partners, and, ultimately, shareholders. This data expresses user satisfaction - or lack thereof - with the product's business value. Avg. 82 80 Ease of IT Administration This data indicates whether IT personnel will be able to resolve issues and perform configurations efficiently and effectively. Avg. 80 80 Breadth of Features Users prefer feature rich software that enables them to perform diverse series of tasks. This data expresses user satisfaction with the product's breadth of features. Avg. 80 78 Quality of Features Feature quality is just as important as quantity. Use this data to determine if this product will do what you're purchasing it to do, easily, intuitively, reliably, and effectively. Avg. 81 78 Availability and Quality of Training Effective and readily available training enables users to get the most out of the software you've chosen. Use this section to make sure your vendor's training programs and materials measure up. Avg. 80 78 Ease of Data Integration Use this data to determine whether the product will cause headaches or make data integration easy. Avg. 79 77 Product Strategy and Rate of Improvement Vendors who don't stay on top of emerging needs and trends won't enable you to meet your business goals. Use this data to separate innovators from imposters. Avg. 78 75 Vendor Support The importance of vendor support will vary for each organization depending on internal capabilities, but there will always be issues that only the vendor can resolve. Avg. 79 72 Ease of Customization Don't get bogged down in a difficult customization; use this data to make sure you can easily achieve the functionality you need for your particular situation. Avg. 80 71 Also Featured in... Accounting - Midmarket Score 8.1 View Quickbooks Online in this category (opens in a new tab) Quickbooks Online Reviews Shivani T. Role: Sales Marketing Industry: Consulting Involvement: Vendor Management and Renewal Validated Review Verified Reviewer Reviewer received a nominal reward in the form of a gift card for submitting this review as a thank you for their time. Flag this review Please login or register in order to flag this review. Submitted Sep 2025 Easy to Use, Gets the Job Done Likeliness to Recommend 10 /10 What differentiates Quickbooks Online from other similar products? Extensive App Integrations. Expense & Mileage Tracking Superior Onboarding & User Experience Secure Remote Access and Multi-User Collaboration What is your favorite aspect of this product? The favourite aspect is the user-friendly interface combined with powerful automation features. What do you dislike most about this product? Pricing structure and occasional limitations in customization What recommendations would you give to someone considering this product? Take advantage of the free trial and onboarding tutorials. Regularly back up and review your data. Additional users, advanced features, and payroll services can increase your monthly expenses, so budget accordingly. Pros Helps Innovate Continually Improving Product Reliable Efficient Service Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Flag the Review Jeffrey G. Role: Finance Industry: Not for Profit Involvement: Business Leader or Manager Validated Review Verified Reviewer Reviewer received a nominal reward in the form of a gift card for submitting this review as a thank you for their time. Flag this review Please login or register in order to flag this review. Submitted Aug 2025 Could be better Likeliness to Recommend 8 /10 What differentiates Quickbooks Online from other similar products? SMB Market leader What is your favorite aspect of this product? cloud based and anyone can use it. What do you dislike most about this product? Chart of accounts maintenance is poor. Reporting can be improved upon. What recommendations would you give to someone considering this product? be prepared Pros Continually Improving Product Friendly Negotiation Security Protects Helps Innovate Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Flag the Review Pankaj P. Role: Finance Industry: Education Involvement: Business Leader or Manager Validated Review Verified Reviewer Reviewer received a nominal reward in the form of a gift card for submitting this review as a thank you for their time. Flag this review Please login or register in order to flag this review. Submitted Dec 2024 Fantastic product easy to use Likeliness to Recommend 10 /10 What differentiates Quickbooks Online from other similar products? QBO provide more features then other similar products. Easy to use and cost effective What is your favorite aspect of this product? Inventory management What do you dislike most about this product? Reporting section What recommendations would you give to someone considering this product? We need more features in qbo. Pros Enables Productivity Caring Saves Time Respectful Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Flag the Review 1 2 3  Last Most Popular Quickbooks Online Comparisons Xero Compare Zoho Books Compare FreshBooks Compare Wave Compare TallyPrime Compare SAP Business One Compare See All Alternatives Welcome to SoftwareReviews! Before continuing, please take a moment to review and agree to our policies and indicate your email preferences below: I accept the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and agree that SoftwareReviews and relevant software vendors may contact me regarding my request. I agree to receive communications from Info-Tech Research Group, including SoftwareReviews. You may unsubscribe and customize your communication preferences at any time. Download Get Instant Access<br>to this Report Get Instant Access to this Report Unlock your first report with just a business email. Register to access our entire library.  2025 SoftwareReviews.com. All rights reserved. SoftwareReviews empowers organizations with the best data, insights, and advice to improve the software buying and selling experience. Follow LinkedIn Translation missing: en.social.twitter Facebook Certifications  2025 SoftwareReviews.com. All rights reserved. Menu Log in Categories Reports For Vendors Site Map About Us Careers Press Releases Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Opt Out: Selling Personal Data