QuickBooks Online Reviews: Pricing & Software Features 2024 - Financesonline.com MENU SOFTWARE CATEGORIES FOR REMOTE WORK GET LISTED GET LISTED B2B Software Categories Accounting Software Billing Software ERP Software Appointment Scheduling Software Business Intelligence Software Collaboration Software Collaboration Tools Document Management Systems Enterprise Social Networking Software Online Community Platforms Productivity Suite Software Project Collaboration Tools Web Collaboration Tools Communications Software Video Conferencing Software Content Management Software CRM Software Customer Service Software Reviews Management Software Online CRM Software Social Media CRM Customer Support Software Live Chat Software File Sharing Software Help Desk Software Industry-Specific Help Desk Software Service Desk Software HR Management Software Learning Management Systems (LMS) Corporate LMS Software Talent Management System Project Management Software Agile Project Management Software Field Service Management Software - FSM Maintenance Management Software - CMMS Professional Services Automation Software - PSA Project Portfolio Management Software - PPM Task Management Software Time Tracking Software Visual Project Management Tools Shopping Cart Software Sales Tools Contact Management Software Inventory Management Software Lead Management Systems Sales Automation Software Sales Management Software Marketing Software Marketing Automation Software Email Marketing Software Mobile Marketing Software Search Marketing Software Binary Options Brokers Financial News SHOW ALL POPULAR CATEGORIES Home Accounting Software QuickBooks Online Why is FinancesOnline free QuickBooks Online Review Our score: 9.3 User satisfaction: 94% 4.8/5 (23 user reviews) 4.8/5 (23 user reviews) REVIEW USER REVIEWS PRICING DETAILS QUICKBOOKS ONLINE ALTERNATIVES INTEGRATIONS What is QuickBooks Online? QuickBooks Online benefits Overview of QuickBooks Online features Awards & quality certificates QuickBooks Online pricing User satisfaction Video Technical details Support details User reviews What is QuickBooks Online? QuickBooks Online is Intuits accounting solution for small businesses, startups, freelance bookkeepers, and independent accounting firms. Offering robust tools for expense tracking, tax calculation, invoice management, and sales monitoring, this best-in-class software is purpose-built to simplify small business accounting and financial management. With this at your disposal, you can cut down the time you spend on tedious accounting tasks and focus more on the attention-demanding responsibilities of your business. QuickBooks Online prides itself on being able to combine all of the essential accounting tools in a single platform. Be it profit and loss reporting, invoice customization, or bill payments, this software solution has it all. It can even perform real-time finance monitoring and generate reports based on your preferred data visualizations. This way, it is easier for you to get insights into your sales performance, expenditures, and other crucial financial data. To make things even better, QuickBooks Online was built for compatibility with both desktop and mobile devices, allowing you to access your data and manage your finances even while youre out of the office. In addition to its wide range of functionalities, QuickBooks Online was also made to play well with both native and third-party integrations. This way, you no longer have to jump from one platform to another in order to perform your different business processes. QB Online will be having a 70% Labor Day promo from September 7-13, 2020. Show More Overview of QuickBooks Online Benefits Here are the main benefits you can have with QuickBooks Online: Consolidating Financial Data Made Easy The demands of the modern business landscape can be difficult to meet, especially for small businesses. Other than creating quality products and providing quality customer service, they are also expected to accommodate the needs of their clients such as multiple payment methods and delivery options. Because of this, you might have a hard time consolidating the information on these processes as you start creating sales reports. Luckily, QuickBooks Online can automate the data collection process for you as well as ensure that your financial information is updated instantly. This way, you can aggregate your data for reports faster and easier. Improved Data Viewing One of the biggest perks that QuickBooks Online has to offer is that it is completely web-based. With this, all you need to do is access your account to view whatever data you need at the moment, and youre good to go. You will no longer have to be inside your office, on your computer in order to get the information you need. In fact, you may even access your account using your smartphone, increasing the mobility of your operations. Simplified Data Synchronization Keeping your accountants as well as your staff members posted on your financial data is key in performing accurate calculations of your earnings and expenditures. This is why QuickBooks Online provides you with auto-syncing options. With this feature, you can make sure that all of the devices connected to your plan are up-to-date at all times, eliminating any inconsistencies in reports later on. Enhanced Financial Data Protection Making sure that your financial data is safe from unauthorized individuals shouldnt be a difficult thing to do. With QuickBooks Online, you get access to intuitive security options so that they can effortlessly safeguard the confidential data that passes through your accounting system on a daily basis. You may even choose to back up your data to the cloud for record keeping, exporting them into spreadsheets only when necessary. Affordable Pricing Plans Lastly, QuickBooks Online offers flexible subscription packages that will surely help you make the most out of your investment. Their plans are bundled according to the different accounting toolsets that you might need for your company. This way, you can be sure that you are only paying for the functionalities you need and not on bloatware. Whats more, all of their subscription packages are already inclusive of regular software updates to ensure that your platform is in tiptop shape at all times. Show More Overview of QuickBooks Online Features Automatic tax calculations Banking data synchronization Invoice management Custom invoices Estimate creation Mobile receipt capture Dashboards and feeds Bill management Multi-device document sharing Pay online link in invoices Check printing Profit and loss reporting Balance sheet reporting Payment Tracking Actionable insights Sales and expense management Smartphone compatibility Support for Mac23 Automated online banking Export data to excel Awards & Quality Certificates QuickBooks Online Position In Our Categories Bearing in mind businesses have special business-related needs, it is practical that they steer clear of going for a one-size-fits-all, perfect business application. Nonetheless, it would be almost impossible to try to find such application even among popular software solutions. The right thing to undertake is to set down the numerous essential factors which entail examination like key features, plans, technical skill competence of staff members, organizational size, etc. Then, you must follow through your research comprehensively. Have a look at these QuickBooks Online evaluations and scrutinize each of the software options in your list in detail. Such all-encompassing research makes sure you circumvent unfit applications and choose the one which has all the aspects your business requires. Position of QuickBooks Online in our main categories: TOP 20 QuickBooks Online is one of the top 20 Accounting Software products TOP 20 QuickBooks Online is one of the 20 Online Accounting Software products TOP 3 QuickBooks Online is one of the top 3 Tax Software products There are popular and widely used applications in each software category. But are they necessarily the best fit for your organizations unique wants? A market-leading software solution may have thousands of users, but does it present what you need? For this reason, do not blindly spend on popular systems. Read at least a few QuickBooks Online Accounting Software reviews and think about the factors that you wish to have in the software such as the price, main functionality, available integrations etc. Then, select a few systems that fit your needs. Try out the free trials of these apps, read online comments, get clarifications from the seller, and do your investigation thoroughly. This in-depth groundwork is sure to aid you find the finest software solution for your organizations specific needs. How Much Does QuickBooks Online Cost? QuickBooks Online Pricing Plans: Free Trial Simple Start $30/month Essentials $55/month Plus $85/month Advanced $200/month Self-Employed $5/month Show More What are QuickBooks Online pricing details? QuickBooks Online Pricing Plans: Free Trial Simple Start $30/month Essentials $55/month Plus $85/month Advanced $200/month Self-Employed $5/month QuickBooks Online is available in five pricing plans. If you would like to test out the platform before you start a subscription, the vendor offers a free 30-day trial for your convenience. Simple Start  $30 per month Supports 1 user, plus your accountant Access for PC, Mac, and mobile Income and Expense Tracking Tax Deduction Calculations Invoicing Payment Processing Reporting Sales and Sales Tax Tracking Receipt Capture Essentials  $55 per month All Simple Start features plus: Support for 3 users, plus your accountant Bill Management Time Tracking Plus  $85 per month All Essentials features Track project profitability Track inventory Manage 1099 contractors Self-Employed  $5 per month Track income & expenses Capture & organize receipts Estimate quarterly taxes Invoice & accept payments Run basic reports Track miles User Satisfaction Positive Social Media Mentions 128 Negative Social Media Mentions 8 We realize that when you choose to get a Accounting Software its crucial not only to learn how professionals rank it in their reviews, but also to find out if the actual people and businesses that bought this software are actually satisfied with the service. Thats why weve created our behavior-based Customer Satisfaction Algorithm that collects customer reviews, comments and QuickBooks Online reviews across a vast array of social media sites. The data is then presented in an easy to digest format revealing how many people had positive and negative experience with QuickBooks Online. With that information at hand you will be ready to make an informed business choice that you wont regret. Video Technical details Devices Supported Android iPhone/iPad Web-based Deployment Cloud Hosted Language Support English Pricing Model Monthly payment Customer Types Small Business Freelancers What Support Does This Vendor Offer? email phone live support training tickets What integrations are available for QuickBooks Online? QuickBooks Online can seamlessly integrate with other applications offered by Intuit such as QuickBooks Payments and QuickBooks Payroll. If youd like to further extend the platforms functions, you may choose to use it with any of the following add-ons: Bill.com Jobber Mavenlink Method CRM Shoeboxed Time Tracking by TSheets Furthermore, app developers can choose to use the platforms API functionality to integrate it with third-party applications such as Shopify and PayPal. This way, it is easier to connect and sync the different business systems that you are using for your operations. QuickBooks Online User Reviews QuickBooks Online average rating: 4.8/5 (23 user reviews) 4/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Write your own review of this product ADD A REVIEW The most favorable review Bonface Gachanja Average score 5/5 PROS: Its cloud based which makes it very secure and flexible. You dont need to be in the office to track cashflow and send invoices to clients. Its very easy to use no training needed. The price is affordable even to small and mid- sized enterprises. CONS: Nothing at all everything works just fine Reviewed 5 years ago Read full review > The least favorable review Virgil Average score 4/5 PROS: That's true, QuickBooks software didnt blow me away at the beginning. With time, however, it transformed into such a user-friendly program that it coresponded to every expectation I had. I'm sure that even accounting-savvy users won't have a problem with it. I like most of its modules, especially Payroll, the invoices, and the generation of financial statements about time and expenses. CONS: The modules are good, but I haven't got hands around the inconsistencies between them. There are no checks and balances programed to catch them, and I have to do it manually, through long reviews. I also think that the AP (accounts payable) and AR (accounts receivable) reconciliation modules need some work-they haven't been perfectly customized and they don't have the right inputs, and those are essential to their performance and quality. Reviewed 8 years ago Read full review > More reviews from 23 actual users: Sort by: Latest Latest Most useful Most positive Most negative Its easy to use and comes with fantastic support! Read full review > Guy Verified user 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 05.12.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Entertainment PROS: I went from Quickbooks desktop to Quickbooks Online. The reason was because the desktop version appeared to a mess since it's not user-friendly. Worse, their support was terrible. But since shifting to this software, I was surprised. While I felt terrible to have lost certain features and I had to pay a bit more, I found the app to be more intuitive. Their support team were very helpful. CONS: I hate the fact that its pricing is constantly increasing. I've also lost some of my favorite features along the way since moving from the desktop version. One functionality that I sorely missed was inventory management. It's actually available, but I had to pay more for it. I can't risk paying that to deploy for my business. What do you think about this review? Great Poor I dont have the brains for anything but Im able to utilize this. Read full review > Erma Verified user 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 04.11.2021 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Professional Training & Coaching PROS: I love its simplicity in terms of logging in, adding in a new client, and setting up an invoice and directly emailing it to them. It's super easy to add a customer through the fields provided. Everything is explained. I'm really good at being creative with things. But I have to admit, accounting or anything to do with finance is not one of them. CONS: I feel a bit overwhelemed whenever I log in. There are way too many places for me to look into and information that I need to access. I'm not a detail-oriented guy. So I feel it's better to have a simple layout while looking attractive at the same time. I'm an artistic person that appreciates anything that's appealing to the eye. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Show More User Reviews (23) Great substitute for spreadsheets Read full review > Dean 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 11.10.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Public Relations and Communications PROS: I'm an old-school accountant who likes tracking expenses and getting things done with a pen in my hand. Had you told me that I will find an online program to do accounting for me, I would never believe that's possible. But it was! QuickBooks is doing everything for me, and I feel less stressed than I used to when dealing with spreadsheets. I like the feeling of effortless reporting and having all of my business data in one place. Was I spending too much? Where should I concentrate money next year? How can I grow my business? All of my questions are answered now! CONS: It is a new system, so it obviously involves a longer learning curve, even if we're discussing an entirely new level of easy setup. Most of the time, a novice user would struggle with categorizing expenses, just as I did. Luckily, there are awesome tutorials that can cut this time, and make inserting transactions much easier. What do you think about this review? Great Poor User friendly Read full review > ALLAN JOSEPH 4/5 Overall impression 2/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 10.09.2021 Company Size: 11-50 Employees Industry: Accounting PROS: Very easy to use and exlore the software. Intergrates easily with varous devices. CONS: Very slow customer support response. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Accountants and bookkepers should definitely use this. Read full review > Patti Verified user 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 17.08.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Not available PROS: Quickbooks Online makes it easier for an accountant and client to work together. There's no need to shuffle accountant copies of files or remotely accessing the file via Dropbox. Clients can now be taught to do basic functions. Accountants and bookkeepers can start producing run reports and entries any time. CONS: The UI doesn't have the same appearance as that of the desktop PC version. Most accountants may have a hard time trying to adjust to this. It also seems like the workflow is intended for business owners more than the accountants themselves. There way too many mandatory accounts needed by the software. What do you think about this review? Great Poor An accounting solution thats user-friendly and convenient to use. Read full review > Juanita Verified user 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 16.08.2021 Company Size: 11-50 Employees Industry: Environmental Services PROS: I love the fact that it's relatively simple enough to dive in and know about it right away. That's its biggest selling point since the each customer can go in and peek into their financial details and be able to comprehend what's going on. The great thing with this is that it can restrict functionality to certain people to carry specific tasks. CONS: Expect some learning curve especially for those who have already used Quickbooks. When you finally figure out a way to make your way around, you'll realize what you can do and you can avoid. You can even set up things the way you want them to. What do you think about this review? Great Poor This accounting software is so easy to use! Read full review > Traci Verified user 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 26.07.2021 Company Size: 11-50 Employees Industry: Public Relations and Communications PROS: One thing that I like with Quickbooks Online is that porting data that I have from the desktop version is simple enough to do. Doing on my own was simple enough. It didn't entail me to make a call to support or spend a great deal of time doing it. I like how I can remotely access my data. I love how they system automation works. CONS: I was hoping they could customize their invoices further. Apparently, their customization has restrictions. I couldn't connect to one particular bank account since the bank makes use of a multi-factor authentication. What's really disappointing is that a majority of our transactions go through that bank ccount. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Bookkeeping made easy Read full review > Wallace 4/5 Overall impression 3/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 3/5 Ease of Use Published on: 23.07.2021 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: N/A PROS: QuickBook is so user-friendly that's why I like it so much. Other accounting tools don't offer a lot of what QuickBooks offers and it surpasses them in every way. There's a mobile app that allows me to keep updated with company matters any time and anywhere. I also like that we're able to easily integrate QuickBooks with many online payment gateways to accommodate clients with varied payment sources. Working on company policies and procedures also requires very minimal effort because most of it is automated. Highly recommended! CONS: Perhaps it's time to update its dashboard, which remains unchanged for several years. Color themes could also be flexible according to the company logo. What do you think about this review? Great Poor QBO accounting works for startups and SME Trading Businesses Read full review > Kelley 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 28.05.2021 Company Size: 11-50 Employees Industry: Financial Services PROS: Easy backup, even easier setup! Probably the best software out there for payrolls and API's into credit cards and bank statements. Feasible interface on every device, and a total deal for preventing security breaches. CONS: First, I wish there were multiple currencies in depth support. Responsiveness is not admirable-everything freezes with a low connection. Counterchecking postings just won't happen without a professional accountant, which makes me wonder at times what the role of the software actually is. While it works for financial startups, I'd give no green light to non-trading or service providing businesses. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Fast-developing startup that uses QuickBooks Online Read full review > Gilberto 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 21.04.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Accounting PROS: This is my pioneer experience with QuickBooks products, and I am quite satisfied. I think that every developing business needs a cloud-based environment to handle work from, and to access it from every device, unlike old licensed programs that took ages to use. It is well-integrated with local software, and extracts Excel data painlessly. The friendliness of their UI is just another bonus. CONS: Don't get me wrong, the UI is intuitive! However, there are transactions that aren't (deposit/card transactions to invoices, disabling associated A/R, etc). I warn you that the software is not integrated with many credit card payment processors, and unless you're using their own systems or Stripe, you will have problems. We use Stripe, and QuickBooks exports data easily from there as an iif.file. Even this was painful, as it turned out that QuickBooks Online supported only qbo files, and we had to code a conversion program to avoid paying for a separate plugin service. I'd tell you to do the same, because the montly subscriptions of foreign software cost a small fortune. What do you think about this review? Great Poor I adore it! Read full review > Sara 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 01.04.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Financial Services PROS: QuickBooks Online is my personal assistant for tracking finances and planning expenses. I always know how much money I have available, and how much I am allowed to spend. I absolutely love the program, which is why I'm using it both personally and professionaly. It is a single stop for all my records, and I insert Excel data really easily. That's how I track most things, and I am really happy QBO does that for me. I'm tracking every category, and I add and remove items easily when needed. Will I continue using it? Absolutely yes! CONS: There are cons, obviously, but nothing that scarry. Payment options are monthly, and I'd really appreciate planning the entire year ahead. Many of the best options are not usable across different subscription levels, meaning that you'll have no choice but to go for the Premium option. Finally, there are banks that are not linked to it, take care! What do you think about this review? Great Poor This software is solid Read full review > Ora 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 23.03.2021 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Marketing and Advertising PROS: Extremely easy to use, access, and share with bookkeepers. Nothing can slip away from the new reporting feature that gives full insight on financial data. Customer support is great, and it usually takes a single phone call to fix something. CONS: They're currently trying to transfer desktop functionality, and I don't think they're doing a good job. However, this is more of a warning for prospective users to choose carefully the version they want to use. The difference should not be neglected. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Deserves attention, I dont know why people underestimate it Read full review > Muriel 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 22.03.2021 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Accounting PROS: QuickBooks Online is an amazing app, and does the work it is supposed to do. Knowing this first hand I can only guess that users rate it low because they are coming from QB Desktop, and they expected to see the same program. This one is different, but that doesn't make it any less efficient, listen to me. I was not a fan of QB Desktop, and I'm happy to have the features wrapped like this. I'm good with the price too, and I am pleasantly surprised by the efficient integration with Xero. CONS: I can't think of a feature that I don't like, and I guess that for other people that issue would be price. The product is constantly improving, and this will increase the cost eventually. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Excellent software Read full review > Osborne 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 13.03.2021 Company Size: 11-50 Employees Industry: N/A PROS: I like that Quickbooks as the software is a single solution that fits a lot of our work requirements. Quickbooks integrates with every third-party tool I use, including bank accounts, and I'm able to use it for our accounting functions, from payroll to invoices and financial reports. This allows us to keep our team learns since we're still a small business. CONS: It would help if Quickbooks would allow us to customize items according to what we need so I don't have to spend time correcting misplaced categories, etc. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Fantastic to have for accounting! Read full review > Janice Verified user 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 03.03.2021 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Environmental Services PROS: I love the fact that you have a ton of options for billing, checks, and vendors. The app comes with a lot of shortcuts. Paying and keeping track of bills is simpler compared to writing them by hand. Quickbooks contains different commands that checks your input twice to help prevent mistakes. CONS: Quickbooks tends to get problematic whenever it involves multiple-user mode versus single-user mode. From time to time, it's often an issue with the O-Drives. But there have bee a ton of incidents where users had a hard time gaining access to Quickbooks. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Simple and accurate for all accounting tasks. Read full review > Bonface Gachanja 5/5 Overall impression 3/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 29.12.2020 Company Size: 51-100 Employees Industry: Education Management PROS: Its cloud based which makes it very secure and flexible. You dont need to be in the office to track cashflow and send invoices to clients. Its very easy to use no training needed. The price is affordable even to small and mid- sized enterprises. CONS: Nothing at all everything works just fine What do you think about this review? Great Poor Great remote support app Read full review > Timmothy 4/5 Overall impression 3/5 Customer Support 3/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 07.05.2020 Company Size: Industry: N/A PROS: QuickBooks is user-friendly and easy to set up. Its Teamviewer feature is a multifunctional program that offers video calls and being able to move data and forms remotely. Many people use this function to adjust or repair computer systems from separate locations. All you need is a working internet connection. CONS: It would be great if the program has a light version that can function at normal speed even with a slow internet connection. It would also be great if we are able to work on multiple computers at a time because it will help us save time when it comes to similar repairs or configurations. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Ideal for any small-sized and expanding business. Read full review > Caroline Verified user 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 23.03.2018 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Computer & Network Security PROS: Quickbooks is a recommended software for small companies and companies looking to expand. It's simple to utilize. A majority of other SaaS providers in the market can be fully integrated with the platform. Whether it's a small accounting team or a single user, the software is you ideal solution until the revenue of your business peaks at around $10 million. CONS: While its functionality isn't considered to be the best out there, you're getting your money's worth. Third party integrations could use some improvement. It's expected for you to outgrow the platform. Making the transition is one approach that could end up being costly. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Quick Books Online-Small businesses best bargain Read full review > Virgil 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 16.03.2018 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Unavailable PROS: That's true, QuickBooks software didnt blow me away at the beginning. With time, however, it transformed into such a user-friendly program that it coresponded to every expectation I had. I'm sure that even accounting-savvy users won't have a problem with it. I like most of its modules, especially Payroll, the invoices, and the generation of financial statements about time and expenses. CONS: The modules are good, but I haven't got hands around the inconsistencies between them. There are no checks and balances programed to catch them, and I have to do it manually, through long reviews. I also think that the AP (accounts payable) and AR (accounts receivable) reconciliation modules need some work-they haven't been perfectly customized and they don't have the right inputs, and those are essential to their performance and quality. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Pitch-perfect for freelancers Read full review > Colin 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 23.01.2018 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Entertainment PROS: I'm using a self-employed app, and tracking expenses and categories has never been simpler! I think the software is perfect for everybody in my situation, because it distinguishes the costly categories from the affordable ones, and it forecasts montly gross based on income and expenses. CONS: There is room for the dev team to improve some features. For instance, I'd work on user metadata and administrative data, and I'd enrich the dashboard with tools that follow and compare the development flow between different PLM tenants. These things, however, will not throw any shadow on the product-I still believe it is flexible enough to serve the needs of every company. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Reporting and accounting for every small business Read full review > Thelma 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 10.01.2018 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Financial Services PROS: There is a great mobile app with intuitive and friendly interface, meaning that your finance information will be accessible from anywhere. Logically, great features provide great reports, and you'll always be satisifed with the quality of your work. The software is cloud-hosted and regularly updated, so there is no need to deal with different versions. CONS: I don't understand why there is no annual subscribtion. I would prefer that to paying scary monthly fees. I also dislike journal entries: the guidance for creating credits and debits is poor, and you'd need to balance them manually. I am also not able to see how the entries relate to actual financial statements, and increase/decrease balances when the journal is being edited, or a new one is being added. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Were a growing software business that appreciates QuickBooks Online Read full review > Danielle 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 25.12.2017 Company Size: 11-50 Employees Industry: Computer Software PROS: The list of likeable things is actually long. It doesnt come as a surprise, since QuickBooks online combines both easiness and effectiveness. I couldn't believe that a program with so many features is so uncomplicated to use! We like the invoice capabilities (easy creating and emailing), and the tracking mechanism for book payments and expenses. Reporting is very detailed too. The biggest advantage is price-when I heard that I get all of this for 100 bucks I thought it was a scam. Luckily, it wasn't. CONS: The app is at the same time overdone and incomplete. Let me be a bit clearer: it has far too many features for a growing business, but lacks few essential ones (relating account names to account numbers). What do you think about this review? Great Poor Satisfied day-to-day user Read full review > Minnie 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 23.12.2017 Company Size: 11-50 Employees Industry: Information and Technology Services PROS: I left remoted server connection behind, and I am free to do my job wherever I am. Great accesibility, simple interface, and amazing features. You will love it. CONS: Reports are annoying sometimes, not because of the features, but rather because one can't customize them the way he wants to. It is the creative part of my work that I'm missing on, but I am not blaming the product. You get what you paid for. What do you think about this review? Great Poor Join a community of 7,369 SaaS experts Thank you for the time you take to leave a quick review of this software. Our community and review base is constantly developing because of experts like you, who are willing to share their experience and knowledge with others to help them make more informed buying decisions. Sign in with LinkedIn Why we require LinkedIn? Show the community that you're an actual user. We will only show your name and profile image in your review. You can still post your review anonymously. OR Sign in with company email Sign in with company email Please use a business email address. We don't accept personal emails like gmail, yahoo, etc. Sign In Useful QuickBooks Online Resources QuickBooks Enterprise vs QuickBooks Online vs QuickBooks Pro in 2024: Whats the Difference? Popular QuickBooks Online Alternatives Product name: Our Score: FinancialForce ERP Reviews: Pricing & Software Features 2025 8.8 CCH Tagetik Reviews: Pricing & Software Features 2025 8.2 Qvalia Reviews: Pricing & Software Features 2025 8.0 Accurants Reviews: Pricing & Software Features 2025 8.0 SapphireOne Reviews: Pricing & Software Features 2025 7.4 Top Competitors To QuickBooks Online By Price Product name: Price: Discover the latest pricing plans for Liquidity Exchange by quote Discover the latest pricing plans for FinancialForce Accounting by quote Discover the latest pricing plans for AssetWorks By quote Discover the latest pricing plans for Zervant 5 Discover the latest pricing plans for PHC FX $49.76 Trending Accounting Software Reviews Product name: Score: Satisfaction: What are satisfaction reviews for QuickBooks Online 9.3 94% What are satisfaction reviews for TaxWorkFlow 8.0 N/A What are satisfaction reviews for Sage 50cloud Accounts 9.6 N/A What are satisfaction reviews for Harpoon App 7.4 95% What are satisfaction reviews for Spire 8.0 96% QuickBooks Online Comparisons Product name: Read a detailed comparison of QuickBooks Online and Gift Card Tank Read a detailed comparison of QuickBooks Online and ClearBooks Accounting Read a detailed comparison of QuickBooks Online and Adra ACCOUNTS Read a detailed comparison of QuickBooks Online and Book Keeper Read a detailed comparison of QuickBooks Online and LegFi Read a detailed comparison of QuickBooks Online and Innovo Xpense Read a detailed comparison of QuickBooks Online and 1&1 Online Accounting Read a detailed comparison of QuickBooks Online and SutiExpense Read a detailed comparison of QuickBooks Online and Practice Ignition Read a detailed comparison of QuickBooks Online and CostTracker QuickBooks Online user reviews Its easy to use and comes with fantastic support! Read full review > Guy Verified user 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 05.12.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Entertainment I dont have the brains for anything but Im able to utilize this. Read full review > Erma Verified user 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 04.11.2021 Company Size: 1-10 Employees Industry: Professional Training & Coaching Great substitute for spreadsheets Read full review > Dean 4/5 Overall impression 4/5 Customer Support 4/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 11.10.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Public Relations and Communications User friendly Read full review > ALLAN JOSEPH 4/5 Overall impression 2/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 4/5 Ease of Use Published on: 10.09.2021 Company Size: 11-50 Employees Industry: Accounting Accountants and bookkepers should definitely use this. Read full review > Patti Verified user 5/5 Overall impression 5/5 Customer Support 5/5 Value for Money 5/5 Ease of Use Published on: 17.08.2021 Company Size: More than 100 Employees Industry: Not available By Jenny Chang Jenny Chang is a senior writer specializing in SaaS and B2B software solutions. Her decision to focus on these two industries was spurred by their explosive growth in the last decade, much of it she attributes to the emergence of disruptive technologies and the quick adoption by businesses that were quick to recognize their values to their organizations. She has covered all the major developments in SaaS and B2B software solutions, from the introduction of massive ERPs to small business platforms to help startups on their way to success. Page last modified 2025-04-28 Award Winner Top Accounting Software of 2025 1. 2. 3. COMPARE BEST TOOLS Did you find this review useful? Yes No Thank you for your feedback How can we make this page better? SHARE YOUR COMMENT Unsure about this software? FIND ALTERNATIVES TOP Why is FinancesOnline free? FinancesOnline is available for free for all business professionals interested in an efficient way to find top-notch SaaS solutions. We are able to keep our service free of charge thanks to cooperation with some of the vendors, who are willing to pay us for traffic and sales opportunities provided by our website. Please note, that FinancesOnline lists all vendors, were not limited only to the ones that pay us, and all software providers have an equal opportunity to get featured in our rankings and comparisons, win awards, gather user reviews, all in our effort to give you reliable advice that will enable you to make well-informed purchase decisions. 1 share Share 1 Tweet Share Finances Online EU Office: 1 Agios Georgios Street, 7600 , Athienou, Larnaca, Cyprus US Office: 120 St James Ave Floor 6, Boston, MA 02116 GET LISTED Company About Us Contact Us Add Your Product Careers Research Center Research Team Policies Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Scoring Methodology Do not sell my personal information Content Write For Us For Small Business Top Software Software reviews Software comparisons Software alternatives Copyright  2025 FinancesOnline. All B2B Directory Rights Reserved.