Intuit QuickBooks UK Reviews | Read Customer Service Reviews of quickbooks.intuit.com Suggested companies Xero www.xero.com  10K reviews 4.1 Intuit quickbooks.com  1.1K reviews 1.1 Sage sage.com  19K reviews 3.9 Categories Blog Log in For businesses For businesses Log in Categories Blog Business Services IT & Communication Accounting Software Company Intuit QuickBooks UK Summary About Reviews Visit website Write a review Visit website Claimed profile Intuit QuickBooks UK Reviews 16,240  4.0 Accounting Software Company Write a review Visit website Write a review Companies on Trustpilot aren't allowed to offer incentives or pay to hide reviews. Review summary Based on reviews, created with AI Reviewers had a great experience with this company. Many consumers have praised the support staff, finding them to be patient, helpful, and knowledgeable. People particularly appreciated the onboarding sessions, where the staff provided clear instructions and valuable insights. A lot of reviewers al so mentioned specific staff members by name, expressing gratitude for their assistance in resolving complex issues and guiding them through the software. The 45-minute one-to-one onboarding session was mentioned as a very useful feature for new users. However, some consumers reported issues with payment and the software's user experience. Some reviewers have experienced problems with bank connections, glitches, and slow loading times. A few users also expressed concerns about the payroll module and its integration. Some reviewers are considering switching to alternative software due to these issues. See more Based on these reviews BM Ben Manning Dec 10, 2025 Great software and the customer care is excellent. Used a phonecall to ask for help and a really useful 45min one on one session to go through the basics. There's a few features that are missing, b... See more NI Nikki Jul 5, 2025 The site provide new user with a 45min 1 to 1 session to help you setup your account which is really helpful. There are real people available in which you can call to discuss your problem rather than... See more AR AR Oct 28, 2025 This was a very long support call, through out which they were very patient while guiding my through the various diagnostics. The probel was only patially resolved but because of any failing on their... See more SR Sharon R Nov 7, 2025 I received a callback a few minutes after submitting my request. Nigel was polite and helpful. My payroll issue was not completely resolved but Nigel provided a case ref number to use for follow up if... See more AL Andrew Lewis Dec 21, 2025 After over a month trying to get some good advice on how to resolve a problem with Quickbooks Core Payroll. I eventually managed to get some proper support and advice from a lady called Vee. She helpe... See more SY Steve Yates Dec 16, 2025 Software is average at best, Latest AI buzzword bingo is just a new glossy front. There are many many fields I have to enter data into and 99% of the time they are the same but its incapable of... See more DN Daniel Nelson 6 days ago Shilloh was very patient and explained things well. I think that the onboarding call is a good idea and I received ideas about for things I hadn't anticipated as well as got answers for the things whi... See more PH Patrick Harper Nov 28, 2025 When it works, its good. But all too often the load speeds for the website and the app are incredibly slow. I'm writing this review whilst waiting for the website to log me in. 5 mins in and it still... See more Minda Critchlow Dec 15, 2025 Fantastic customer service Dan was very knowledgeable and gave excellent, clear instructions. I feel much more confident in how to use the software now. Dan made everything straightforward and logica... See more MO MOT Nov 24, 2025 We have used Quickbooks for a number of years for 4 of my businesses, but are now looking at alternatives. It is increasingly slow to load, freezes regularly and slows down rather than improve our wo... See more richard barnes Nov 27, 2025 The payroll software is ( in my opinion) not fit for purpose. They updated it last year with no integration or data transfer from the old system mid year. The new version is no better - not intu... See more LE LesleyRankin Dec 18, 2025 Cassandra , was fantastic .She listened to all my issues and confidently guided me through solutions .Her knowledge and patience were exemplary. Lesley AP Adam Parry Dec 10, 2025 What can I say... simply excellent support as usual from Quickbooks. You do though have a jewel of an employee called Cassandra Ritchie, she was very helpful and a pleasure to speak with. CC CollectPlus Customer Jun 2, 2025 Using Sole Trader plan - very basic. Would like to see receipt number is receipts tab alongside date/supplier name and amount. Group payments tricky, and system doesn't offer 'possible matches'. Ra... See more JK Jeanette Kemp Nov 28, 2025 Casandra was amazing helping me with currency issues on Quickbooks. These issues had baffled myself and my colleagues and we were not able to resolve. So Casandra was an absolute breath of fresh air i... See more MG Mr Gareth Sandilands Nov 22, 2025 I felt little preparation had taken place to understand my business. Attempted to show me basic features I knew or guessed. Wasted time and didnt explore some of the advance features I wanted to lear... See more AF Amy Ford Oct 30, 2025 I am so impressed with QuickBooks. Even though I am paying such a small subscription fee for the product as a sole trader, I'm getting enterprise-level support and information. The system is so clear... See more AD Adriana Nov 21, 2025 Their updated in payroll costed me 300 in penalties. When they changed things up I signed up for automatic PAYE returns. For over 2 months they didnt sent my reports causing me to have to pay 300... See more Nikos Nikos Nov 13, 2025 Daunting with the whole MTD coming into effect next. So took the plunge but what appealed is the free 45 minute generous phone call to assist setting up! Wow thats service. Really amazing and made be... See more HR Heidi Rearden Dec 10, 2025 John Michael is a helpful and knowledgeable trainer and quickly was able to show me how to use Quick Books easily and has a very friendly manner, which helps with learning anything new. RI Rich Jul 23, 2025 Been with QuickBooks for 4 months now, subscribed twice before with them but the same issue prevails, cant connect bank statements, certain dates wont show, they keep sending me the same email, over... See more CU customer Oct 31, 2025 Daneel was extremely thorough at taking me through the onboarding session. He made everything very clear and answered all of my questions as we proceeded. I now feel confident to begin using the Quick... See more MO MOT Nov 19, 2025 When it works, it is pretty easy and intuitive, and has all the options I need to run my business. The problem is that it does not work all the time, is very slow to load or react and the customer he... See more MI Miffy Oct 2, 2025 'Migrating' from QuickBooks Self-Employed to Sole Trader was a complete disaster, so bad the team reactivated my old Self-Employed account. Do not hit that big green migrate button, go via customer su... See more GI Ginny Oct 2, 2025 The agent asked me to explain the query and then double checked he understood what I was trying to achieve. He talked me through the process and sent a detailed link for my reference. A star was l... See more LM Levi Mason Sep 20, 2025 Bank connections keep failing and have had problem connecting for a couple of weeks at least now so its never up to date. Cash receipts dont automatically minus cash from the cash pot so you have to... See more ST Sue T Nov 5, 2025 A special thank you to Cassandra Ritchie who has helped us solve an issue we have been having with QB for over a year and no other agent has been able to solve. She was absolutely excellent! MA marsha Nov 4, 2025 Vee in PAYE customer services was fantastic. In 35 minutes, she resolved an issue that has been escalated to the highest echelons of engineering for 6weeks! I was about to leave QB when I was lucky en... See more KJ Kashaf Javid Dec 4, 2025 I am a complete newby to Quickbooks and MTD, but Shem was absolutely brilliant with onboarding me to the system and showing me around. The amount of support you receive is amazing. GJ Gareth Jones Nov 21, 2025 Friendly, helpful and knew the system very well so was agile and quick in getting the task done. Top marks for performance, attitude and customer service focus from me. JE Jean-Louis Oct 28, 2025 Called the helpline to reinstate the link from QuickBooks to two bank accounts. Was out in touch with Nigel who immediately understood the issue and patiently guided me through the step by step.... See more AL Anthony Lewis Oct 30, 2025 The software has issues. It's very glitchy. The current glitch is that, whenever you enter an expense, it reloads a blank expense page for the same supplier four times. I have cleared cache and all th... See more NI Nick Nov 11, 2025 The person who led the session called Fretzie was extremely helpful and patient with me. Although I still have a long way to go with getting to grips with QuickBooks she has given me me a great start.... See more AU Austin Dec 16, 2025 The expart gave me a detailed overview and went through all the relevant options that I will need to start up. KK Kiki Karatzaferi Dec 16, 2025 Cassandra Ritchie was exceptional good in solving my issue with transfer of subscription and correction of my mistakes. She spoke to me in plain English, she was friendly but professional and very eff... See more DB Debbie Blunt Nov 28, 2025 I spoke with Cassandra Ritchie she assisted me with an issue, Cassandra was very professional and polite what a great asset she is to the quickbooks team. Thank you Cassandra DA David Nov 6, 2025 I had a problem I couldn't get to the bottom of. The bank reconciliation history report was showing an unreconciled deposit that was obviously not correct. However, when I looked at the bank account i... See more NI Niall Oct 31, 2025 I had my on-boarding session with Daneel, and he was excellent. He was kind, patient and incredibly helpful. I am completely new to being a sole trader so found the session incredibly useful AN Andy Nov 12, 2025 The onboarding training was comprehensive and easy to follow. In 45 minutes I learnt all I needed to to be able to manage my account and deal with my SA tax return. AE A Eade Nov 12, 2025 Cassandra was very clear and helpful to work with in helping me sort my issues. Within a few minutes of needing assistance she was on the phone to help me through. MR Mo Rehman Nov 12, 2025 Nigel, from QuickBooks Support, was very polite, helpful and knowledgeable. He patiently listened to the problem and gave me the solution. AA Animals Asia Emporium Dec 11, 2025 My on boarder was very helpful and explained, supported me through all my questions. Thank you  CA Coastal Accounts Dec 16, 2025 Cassandra quickly resolved my problem and it was a pleasure talking to her. SW simon west Dec 4, 2025 Nigel s. Answered all my questions. Was patient and very helpful. Great experience. Thank you PS Philip Smith Dec 10, 2025 Fantastic support after buying software. Not only was the one to one session valuable and extremely informative, the level of ongoing support when using the software is omnichannel and vast. MG Mrs Gwyneth Sargent Dec 9, 2025 Cassandra was great and patiently explained and showed me how to achieve what I needed to achieve TA TA Aug 19, 2025 Why do we have to spend extra trim correcting QuickBooks/Intuit own mistakes? The software is ever so frequently glitchy with errors appearing and now this last issue where VAT is not record... See more JB Josh Buckham Nov 26, 2025 Verified I just wanted to say what a wonderful experience I had with Valery from the QuickBooks onboarding team. She was incredibly helpful, showing us how to create invoices, sort out our chart of accounts, r... See more See all 16,240 reviews We perform checks on reviews Company details Active Trustpilot subscription Accounting Software Company Cloud Computing Service Payroll Service Software Company Tax Preparation Software Written by the company Accounting software is just the beginning. Unlock growth, get paid and manage teams, all backed by real human product support 7 days a week.* Contact info 80 Victoria Street, SW1E 5JL, London, United Kingdom 08082345337 quickbooks.intuit.com 4.0 Great 16K reviews 5-star 4-star 3-star 2-star 1-star How is the TrustScore calculated? Replied to 20% of negative reviews Typically replies within 1 week How this company uses Trustpilot People also looked at Xero www.xero.com 4.1 (10K) Intuit quickbooks.com 1.1 (1K) Sage sage.com 3.9 (19K) FreeAgent www.freeagent.com 4.6 (3K) Zoho www.zoho.com 4.1 (6K) IRIS Software www.iris.co.uk 3.9 (3K) QuickFile Accounting Software quickfile.co.uk 4.8 (3K) FreshBooks freshbooks.com 3.8 (974) 4.0 All reviews 16,240 total  Write a review 5-star 81% 4-star 7% 3-star 1% 2-star 2% 1-star 9% How Trustpilot labels reviews More filters Most recent LC Lee Coxon GB  21 reviews 11 hours ago Absolute load of rubbish Absolute load of rubbish, very complicated can't find anything things can be so much simpler won't be renewing. save your money December 27, 2025 Unprompted review LI Lin-S GB  88 reviews A day ago Previously excellent - now appalling This previously excellent desktop bookkeeping system became horrible when we were forced to move everything to Quickbooks Online. Having just about coped with the slow speed of online software, Today I open QB online to start some work, and I find they have completely changed everything, making it impossible to find things - even how to enter a cheque. Classes have vanished and I'm laboriously tolerating an excrutiating online 'chat' with someone who I very much hope is going to help. But it shouldn't be necessary! A couple of years ago, I'd have been able to talk to a HUMAN, who was based in THIS COUNTRY. How the mighty are fallen. December 28, 2025 Unprompted review See 1 more review by Lin-S DN Daniel Nelson GB  1 review 6 days ago Shilloh was very patient and explained Shilloh was very patient and explained things well. I think that the onboarding call is a good idea and I received ideas about for things I hadn't anticipated as well as got answers for the things which I'd already identified as wanting to know. December 23, 2025 Max Haworth GB  1 review 7 days ago Bad customer service Ive used quickbooks online for the past 5 years with no issues, but for some reason my subscription payment failed through Apple, so i manualy paid through the app store and it all went through and i had a confirmation email to say my quickbooks account had been re activated but it didnt start working again and i was left unable to create or edit invoices/quotes. So i got in touch and spoke to a software engineer at quickbooks and was on the phone for over an hour and they said we cant understand why its not working and well raise it with our team to sort the issue, and he emailed me and said if you need an update just get in touch so i did and heard nothing back. So 10 days passed and i called them and was told that everytime i email regarding the issue my issue gets put back to the bottom of the queue and i should have been made aware which i wasnt. So still now i cant invoice or do quotes so have no money coming in and have had zero contact from quickbooks. December 22, 2025 Unprompted review AL Andrew Lewis GB  5 reviews Dec 21, 2025 Migration to advanced due to fps issues with core payroll After over a month trying to get some good advice on how to resolve a problem with Quickbooks Core Payroll. I eventually managed to get some proper support and advice from a lady called Vee. She helped me resolve the problem by migrating to Quickbooks Advanced. She was highly supportive during the transfer and extremely knowledgable and professional. I would give her a 5 star review but due to my earlier encounters when support wasnt there or the correct advise given I have averaged this out as a three star rating. December 17, 2025 MP Mike P GB  1 review Dec 19, 2025 Poor customer service overall Poor customer service. With no solutions to the retrospect introduction of usage limits and forcing existing customers to move from QB online plus to QB Advance resulting into 300% increase in their monthly costs. December 19, 2025 Unprompted review LE LesleyRankin GB  2 reviews Dec 18, 2025 Cassandra Cassandra , was fantastic .She listened to all my issues and confidently guided me through solutions .Her knowledge and patience were exemplary. Lesley December 18, 2025 Stefan Pasinechki SI  1 review Dec 18, 2025 Very primitive app Very primitive app. Customer view is horrible. Cannot proper bulk merge/delete/edit products. Extremely slow when opening new pages. December 18, 2025 Unprompted review CH Chloe GB  3 reviews Dec 18, 2025 Worse company ever, stay away. Complete scammers. Horrific customer services who lie and dont follow through with their actions. Impossible to contact via email. Call agents who dont understand and tell you what you want to hear to get you off the line. They took 154 from my card without my consent , and have not refunded it despite saying they will. Worse company ever, stay away. Complete scammers. December 3, 2025 Unprompted review LD Lorraine Dean GB  1 review Dec 16, 2025 The issue is not resolved The issue is not resolved - 2 lengthy remote phone calls with QBs and this is still not rectified, up until month end September advanced payroll was running fine updating P&L report as it should on completion of payroll - October/November payroll didnt update - hence my call to QBs, numerous discussions to still be left with no conclusion of why this has happened - lots of duplicated processes during each call. Now left with a wages and expense journal imported under wages and salaries section for Oct/Nov which is incorrect and this is how QBs left the issue December 9, 2025 AU Austin GB  4 reviews Dec 16, 2025 The expart gave me a detailed overview The expart gave me a detailed overview and went through all the relevant options that I will need to start up. December 16, 2025 SY Steve Yates GB  23 reviews Dec 16, 2025 Software is average at best Software is average at best, Latest AI buzzword bingo is just a new glossy front. There are many many fields I have to enter data into and 99% of the time they are the same but its incapable of default last entries into fields or drop downs. The real stinger is the reporting. we need to report everything in weeks, Monday to Sunday and none of the report facilitate it so we spend hours every week extracting simple data into spreadsheets. Its beyond me in todays day that simple functionality is missing but they're so desperate to give a substandard AI experience to get more customers it cant do the basics! Double Double check the reporting is adequate for your business. It is dreadful for mine. December 16, 2025 Unprompted review KK Kiki Karatzaferi GB  1 review Dec 16, 2025 Excellent customer service Cassandra Ritchie was exceptional good in solving my issue with transfer of subscription and correction of my mistakes. She spoke to me in plain English, she was friendly but professional and very efficient. December 16, 2025 CA Coastal Accounts GB  1 review Dec 16, 2025 Cassandra quickly resolved my problem Cassandra quickly resolved my problem and it was a pleasure talking to her. December 16, 2025 MJ Mr James Stuart Simpson GB  2 reviews Dec 16, 2025 Please, avoid at all costs. If I could give negative stars I would. I implore any business owners who do their own books to use Xero and not this absolute car crash of a software. I know they are marketed more but it makes life so much harder for accountants. Your accountant will appreciate it so much more and will genuinely be able to keep your fees down if you don't use this. The amount of billable DAYS I have lost due to this software's complete and utter lack of functionality is unbelievable. The worst thing is I know it back to front! It just does not work and makes the simplest of tasks so much more difficult. Please, avoid at all costs. December 16, 2025 Unprompted review JT Jenny Thomann FR  3 reviews Dec 16, 2025 Quick help Quick help - very efficient person December 16, 2025 See 2 more reviews by Jenny Minda Critchlow GB  1 review Dec 15, 2025 Fantastic customer service Fantastic customer service Dan was very knowledgeable and gave excellent, clear instructions. I feel much more confident in how to use the software now. Dan made everything straightforward and logical. I am most impressed. Thank you, Dan. December 15, 2025 GeorgeHuttonDrums GB  3 reviews Dec 12, 2025 Great support staff Kind, professional and knowledgeable support given. December 12, 2025 AA Animals Asia Emporium GB  3 reviews Dec 11, 2025 My on boarder was very helpful and My on boarder was very helpful and explained, supported me through all my questions. Thank you  December 11, 2025 Peter Brooks - Enjoy the Drive GB  10 reviews Dec 11, 2025 Previously pleased, but what a waste of time I've used Quickbooks (QB) Self-Employed for over 3 years and it's been easy to use and get the numbers I need for my tax return. With HMRC's Making Tax Digital (MTD) coming in next year I thought I'd get ahead of the curve so joined the HMRC trial. Then found out QB Self employed isn't compatible with MTD. QB told me to start a new version, Simple Start. Over an hour later on the phone, several downloads and screen shares later it turns out I don't need Simple Start, I need Sole Trader, another hour, several colleagues, more downloads and general messing about, I'm no further forward. Returned to my old self-employed and my next call will be to the HMRC to pull out of the trial. Maybe I'll finally give in and get an accountant, my time is worth more than the money. December 11, 2025 Unprompted review Previous 1 2 3 4 Next page The Trustpilot Experience We're open to all Anyone can write a Trustpilot review. People who write reviews have ownership to edit or delete them at any time, and theyll be displayed as long as an account is active . We champion verified reviews Companies can ask for reviews via automatic invitations. Labeled Verified, theyre about genuine experiences. Learn more about other kinds of reviews. We fight fake reviews We use dedicated people and clever technology to safeguard our platform. Find out how we combat fake reviews . We show the latest reviews Learn about Trustpilots review process . We encourage constructive feedback Here are 8 tips for writing great reviews . We verify reviewers Verification can help ensure real people are writing the reviews you read on Trustpilot. We advocate against bias Offering incentives for reviews or asking for them selectively can bias the TrustScore, which goes against our guidelines . Take a closer look are you human? Choose country United States Danmark sterreich Schweiz Deutschland Australia Canada United Kingdom Ireland New Zealand United States Espaa Suomi Belgique Belgi France Italia  Norge Nederland Polska Brasil Portugal Sverige About About us Jobs Contact Blog How Trustpilot works Press Investor Relations Community Trust in reviews Help Center Log in Sign up Businesses Trustpilot Business Products Plans & Pricing Business Login Blog for Business Data Solutions Follow us on Legal Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Guidelines for Reviewers System status Modern Slavery Statement  2025 Trustpilot, Inc. All rights reserved.