TallyPrime Customer Reviews 2025 | Accounting - Small Business Skip to main content Search Search tips Search for products, categories, or vendors. Try keywords like 'management', 'Microsoft', or 'CRM' Search for " " by hitting enter , or see suggested results. Cancel Write a Review Categories Compare About Us For Vendors More Browse Reports Research What We Do Log in Log in Open search Toggle navigation Write a Review Home > Accounting - Small Business > TallyPrime > Tally Solutions TallyPrime Composite Score 8.3 /10 CX Score 8.6 /10 53 Reviews Write a Review Get Demo In Partnership With SelectHub Claim Software Category Accounting - Small Business Overview Awards Ratings Product Content Reviews (53) Comparisons Previous Next Download Scorecard TallyPrime 8.3 /10 Accounting - Small Business What is TallyPrime? TallyPrime enables you to manage multiple companies and incrementally add features such as multiple go-downs, multi-currency, order process, cost centres etc. This helps you get rid of complexities, and in turn, focus on business growth. Tally is designed to be used by people from non-IT and non-accounts background as well. Ease of discovering information, consistent options, navigating without the need to remembering the paths and much more makes you start using TallyPrime right away. Company Details TallyPrime LinkedIn TallyPrime Website Book a Free Demo Today! See it in action with a free demo. Click below to sign up on our partner's website. Get Demo In Partnership With SelectHub Awards & Recognition TallyPrime won the following awards in the Accounting - Small Business category Filter By Choose award year All Years 2025 2024 2023 2022 Choose award type All Award Types Data Quadrant Emotional Footprint Emotional Footprint Secondary Feature / Capability 2025 Emotional Footprint Champion Latest Award, 2025 Strategy and Innovation Service Experience Contract Negotiation Conflict Resolution Latest Award, 2025 2024 Data Quadrant Champion 2024 6 Top Rated Capabilities 3 Top Rated Features 2024 2024 Emotional Footprint Champion 2024 Strategy and Innovation Service Experience Contract Negotiation Conflict Resolution 2024 2023 Data Quadrant Champion 2023 2 Top Rated Capabilities 3 Top Rated Features 2023 2023 Emotional Footprint Champion 2023 Strategy and Innovation Service Experience Product Impact Contract Negotiation Conflict Resolution 2023 2022 Data Quadrant Champion 2022 0 Top Rated Capabilities 3 Top Rated Features 2022 TallyPrime Ratings Real user data aggregated to summarize the product performance and customer experience. Download the entire Product Scorecard to access more information on TallyPrime. Product scores listed below represent current data. This may be different from data contained in reports and awards, which express data as of their publication date. 88 Likeliness to Recommend 97 Plan to Renew 83 Satisfaction of Cost Relative to Value {y} {content} {name} Emotional Footprint Overview Product scores listed below represent current data. This may be different from data contained in reports and awards, which express data as of their publication date. +92 Net Emotional Footprint The emotional sentiment held by end users of the software based on their experience with the vendor. Responses are captured on an eight-point scale. How to read this rating How much do users love TallyPrime? 3% Negative 1% Neutral 96% Positive Pros Efficient Service Respectful Altruistic Effective Service How to read the Emotional Footprint The Net Emotional Footprint measures high-level user sentiment towards particular product offerings. It aggregates emotional response ratings for various dimensions of the vendor-client relationship and product effectiveness, creating a powerful indicator of overall user feeling toward the vendor and product. While purchasing decisions shouldn't be based on emotion, it's valuable to know what kind of emotional response the vendor you're considering elicits from their users. % Positive - % Negative = Emotional Footprint -4 -3 -2 -1 Negative +1 Neutral +2 +3 +4 Positive Feature Ratings Average rating of all product features, some of which may not be shown below Average 83 Accounts Receivable Invoicing Record of claims for payment for goods or services provided. Usually includes a customer invoicing capability Avg. 83 87 Accounts Payable Purchase Orders Record of debts owing for an organization. Sometimes includes a purchase order capability Avg. 82 87 General Ledger Chart of Accounts The general ledger contains the organizations accounts for recording assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. Avg. 84 85 Reconciliation Functionality that ensures that two sets of records (usually the balances of two accounts) are in agreement. Avg. 81 84 Expense Management Includes all aspects of expense forms design, completion, submission, limits and compliance, and reporting. Avg. 80 82 Cost Revenue Tracking The process of recording, classifying, analyzing, summarizing, and allocating costs associated with a process Avg. 80 79 Cash Flow Management Includes income and expense tracking, as well as cash flow monitoring. Avg. 79 78 Project Accounting Ability to track, report and analyse financial results and implications at an individual project level Avg. 79 77 Dashboards, Analytics and Reporting Includes historical & real-time dashboard visualizations, detailed & summary reporting, forecasting & easy data extraction for data analysis. Avg. 79 76 Budgeting Forecasting Functionality allowing users to create and maintain budgets and develop forecasts, what-if scenarios, etc Avg. 80 75 Integration APIs Ability of the software to interface with legacy and other third party applications. Avg. 78 73 Vendor Capability Ratings Average rating of all vendor capabilities, some of which may not be shown below Average 80 Ease of Implementation Successfully implementing new software is necessary to realize its full value and promote end user adoption. This data indicates whether or not the product is easy to implement. Avg. 82 86 Quality of Features Feature quality is just as important as quantity. Use this data to determine if this product will do what you're purchasing it to do, easily, intuitively, reliably, and effectively. Avg. 81 86 Usability and Intuitiveness End user learning curves cost the organization money. Pay attention to your end users' technical ability to determine how important UX is in your purchase. Avg. 81 83 Breadth of Features Users prefer feature rich software that enables them to perform diverse series of tasks. This data expresses user satisfaction with the product's breadth of features. Avg. 80 82 Business Value Created Software needs to create value for employees, customers, partners, and, ultimately, shareholders. This data expresses user satisfaction - or lack thereof - with the product's business value. Avg. 82 81 Ease of IT Administration This data indicates whether IT personnel will be able to resolve issues and perform configurations efficiently and effectively. Avg. 80 80 Vendor Support The importance of vendor support will vary for each organization depending on internal capabilities, but there will always be issues that only the vendor can resolve. Avg. 79 79 Product Strategy and Rate of Improvement Vendors who don't stay on top of emerging needs and trends won't enable you to meet your business goals. Use this data to separate innovators from imposters. Avg. 78 77 Ease of Customization Don't get bogged down in a difficult customization; use this data to make sure you can easily achieve the functionality you need for your particular situation. Avg. 80 75 Availability and Quality of Training Effective and readily available training enables users to get the most out of the software you've chosen. Use this section to make sure your vendor's training programs and materials measure up. Avg. 80 75 Ease of Data Integration Use this data to determine whether the product will cause headaches or make data integration easy. Avg. 79 75 TallyPrime Reviews Phani Kumar A. Role: Finance Industry: Construction Involvement: IT Development, Integration, and Administration Validated Review Verified Reviewer Reviewer received a nominal reward in the form of a gift card for submitting this review as a thank you for their time. Flag this review Please login or register in order to flag this review. Submitted Oct 2024 Fantastic tool for the firms to manage accounting Likeliness to Recommend 8 /10 What differentiates TallyPrime from other similar products? Tally is one of the oldest accounting ERP which was used vastly. Whoever worked using tally have got good knowledge in accounting, as it involves manually entering of accounting entries. Thus allowing user to gain good knowledge What is your favorite aspect of this product? Easy to use and very user friendly tool to access What do you dislike most about this product? There is no such aspect which allows anyone to dislike What recommendations would you give to someone considering this product? Really a good to go product Pros Helps Innovate Continually Improving Product Performance Enhancing Enables Productivity Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Flag the Review CA Yuvraj S. Role: Finance Industry: Finance Involvement: End User of Application Validated Review Verified Reviewer Reviewer received a nominal reward in the form of a gift card for submitting this review as a thank you for their time. Flag this review Please login or register in order to flag this review. Submitted Sep 2024 Best for small business needs in moderate price. Likeliness to Recommend 8 /10 What differentiates TallyPrime from other similar products? 1. Easy to use 2.User friendly with basic business requirement 3. Best suitable for small and medium enterprises as compared to other accounting software. 4. A complete accounting solution with Tax (GST) returns data prepration 5. Many common business reports are in one click What is your favorite aspect of this product? 1. Many of our Industry and small organisations are using the same software and it is very easy to import and study their accounting data 2. Invoice making 3. E invoicing in tax (GST) returns 4. It imports transactions in excel format. What do you dislike most about this product? 1. Price and annual renewal is littele-bit costly in small enterprise level. 2. Problematic for customization for specific reports requirement. What recommendations would you give to someone considering this product? 1. Easy to use. 2. Tax (GST) data preparations 3. E Invoicing for GST purpose 4. Import large data in excel format Pros Reliable Trustworthy Saves Time Fair Cons Inhibits Innovation Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Flag the Review Sudheer Y. Role: Human Resources Industry: Technology Involvement: End User of Application Validated Review Verified Reviewer Reviewer received a nominal reward in the form of a gift card for submitting this review as a thank you for their time. Flag this review Please login or register in order to flag this review. Submitted Aug 2024 Best Product for Enterprise Accounting Likeliness to Recommend 10 /10 What differentiates TallyPrime from other similar products? TallyPrime stands out from other accounting software due to below key features and benefits: - Comprehensive Business Management - Real-Time Financial Insights - User-Friendly Interface - Data Security What is your favorite aspect of this product? - Invoicing - Asset Accounting - Reports - Procurement - Vendor Management - Aging What do you dislike most about this product? Nothing to say anything about now What recommendations would you give to someone considering this product? I recommend this software for every organization as it is affordable than any other accounting software, also it gives below benefits which you can't get in other ERPs - Education Mode - Trail Base options - Affordable - Not so complicated - Ease of use Pros Helps Innovate Continually Improving Product Reliable Performance Enhancing Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Please tell us why you think this review should be flagged. Flag the Review 1 2 3  Last Most Popular TallyPrime Comparisons Quickbooks Online Compare Xero Compare Zoho Books Compare FreshBooks Compare Wave Compare SAP Business One Compare See All Alternatives Welcome to SoftwareReviews! Before continuing, please take a moment to review and agree to our policies and indicate your email preferences below: I accept the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and agree that SoftwareReviews and relevant software vendors may contact me regarding my request. I agree to receive communications from Info-Tech Research Group, including SoftwareReviews. You may unsubscribe and customize your communication preferences at any time. Download Get Instant Access<br>to this Report Get Instant Access to this Report Unlock your first report with just a business email. Register to access our entire library.  2025 SoftwareReviews.com. All rights reserved. SoftwareReviews empowers organizations with the best data, insights, and advice to improve the software buying and selling experience. Follow LinkedIn Translation missing: en.social.twitter Facebook Certifications  2025 SoftwareReviews.com. All rights reserved. Menu Log in Categories Reports For Vendors Site Map About Us Careers Press Releases Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Opt Out: Selling Personal Data